snobbare	snobbiamo
reimmettere	reimmetteremmo
processare	processerete
mangiarsi	mangiantesi
digiunare	digiungendo
notiziare	notizieremo
reinfettarsi	ci reinfettassimo
ravvivare	ravvivo
professionalizzare	ci professammo
pavimentare	pavimentassero
bardarsi	ti
affievolire	affievoliamo
distrigarsi	ci distrigavamo
rincantucciarsi	vi rincantucciate
sacrificarsi	ti sacrificheresti
raggomitolarsi	raggomitolate
ricollegarsi	ricollegherebbero
disintegrarsi	disintegrai
rinnovellare	rinnovellavo
stormire	stormivi
shuntare	shuntiamo
caratterizzarsi	caratterizzati
situarsi	si
reinsediare	reinsedia
ingracilire	ingracilite
rassomigliarsi	rassomigliassero
esultare	esulterete
ricristallizzare	ricristallizzasse
trasmutare	trasmutare
randomizzare	randomizzi
ubiquitinare	ubiquitinavamo
modanare	ti
ritrasmettere	radiotrasmisi
assuefarsi	si assuefarebbero
virgolare	virgolavi
disalberare	inalberaste
inaugurare	augumentò
squillare	ti
abbrunare	abbrunirete
ammollire	si
arruffarsi	arrufferemo
inzotichire	inzotichente
deflorare	defletteste
smussarsi	mi smusserei
appendersi	mi appendo
buffoneggiare	buffoneggiando
trasformarsi	trasformati
dileguarsi	dileguassero
solidificarsi	ti risolidifichi
raggiustarsi	ci raggiusteremmo
incruscare	incrudisse
acclamare	acclamai
produrre	producessimo
azzurrarsi	azzurrai
canforare	canforassi
inzuccherare	zuccheravamo
esserci	ci foste
ammulinare	ammulinerò
ridiscorrere	ridiscorra
tannare	tannava
ricompattare	vi ricompattate
signoreggiare	cognosco
pisolare	appisolino
smaliziarsi	si smalizierebbe
perfezionarsi	perfezionarsi
scheggiarsi	mi scheggiavo
subissare	subisciti
disvolere	disvorrai
stimolare	stimola
smagrire	mi
crossare	si
convincersi	convincete
infiacchirsi	infiacchisca
redurre	si
augurarsi	ti augurasti
brogliare	brogliano
sopravvalutare	sopravvaluteranno
difendersi	difenda
scekerare	shakerarono
accessoriare	accessori
conquistare	si conquisterebbe
torcere	torcesse
equalizzare	equerei
denominare	denominava
acciocchire	acciocchivamo
destatalizzare	destatalizzava
risciacquarsi	ci risciacquiamo
intridere	ci
soffocarsi	si soffocassero
annientare	annientava
ispessire	ispessimmo
disinfestare	disinformaste
suffissare	suffissi
cinguettare	cinguettaste
riaffermare	riaffermavo
capivolgere	capivolgeremo
prodigarsi	mi prodigherei
uggire	uggirono
penzolare	penzolereste
consultare	ci insultiamo
avvelenare	si avvelenerà
direzionarsi	direzionavano
disviarsi	ti disvi
riemigrare	emigrammo
immedesimarsi	immerga
neutralizzare	neutralizzassi
reincarnarsi	reincarnare
sgominare	sgomini
impugnare	impugnasti
sfoggiare	sfoggi
embricare	si embrichi
lapidare	lapideresti
addurre	addurrebbero
zuccherare	zuccheravamo
regalare	si
ripercuotersi	ripercuotersi
endocitare	endocitammo
spazzare	si
polverizzarsi	si polverizzerebbe
smistare	si
rioccupare	rioccupaste
chiodare	chiodassi
fotocopiare	fotocompose
imbullettare	imbullettiamo
ricattare	vi
impuntare	si impuntassero
angosciarsi	angosci
ammassicciarsi	mi
sdemanializzare	demanializzarono
leggiucchiare	aggiucchiamo
sobbalzare	sobbalzerò
armonizzarsi	si armonizzi
viversi	ci viviamo
sfracellare	si
destruggere	destrugge
sferragliare	asserragliai
sintonizzare	sintonizzo
perquisire	perquisiremmo
divariare	divariammo
esaurirsi	si spauriscano
disincagliare	disincagliavano
gonfiare	gonfi
immunizzare	immunizzano
arabizzare	ti arabizzi
placarsi	plachiate
sfoggiare	sfoggi
favoreggiare	favoreggiamo
discutere	discutiamo
suffumicare	umidifichiamo
scapocchiare	scapocchiereste
assordire	assordite
adeguare	adeguandosi
giustapporre	giustapponevate
digiungere	digiungendo
lucrare	lucchetteremmo
evitare	evita
scovare	scovava
burocratizzare	burocratizzerei
accapigliarsi	si accapigliasse
raunare	rauna
sbeccare	si
ovulare	ovulante
scalcinare	scalcinerai
deselezionare	deselezionate
irrigidire	irrigidirò
fidanzarsi	fidanziate
zangolare	zangolavamo
rovinare	mi rovinavo
pendolare	pendiate
sigillare	sigillassimo
rimodulare	rimodula
sfoderare	sfodereremmo
chiurlare	chiurli
abolire	abolisca
trasformarsi	trasformati
trescare	tresco
vengiare	vengi
includere	concluderei
accamparsi	accampanato
trasvolgere	trasvolga
funghire	fungevo
riespellere	riespellevamo
subirsi	subisciti
spiattellare	spiattellavo
sobbalzare	sobbalzerò
compensare	compenetrino
postsincronizzare	disincrostavate
allampanare	allampana
bottinare	bottinavi
dimenticarsi	mi dimenticavo
incancrenirsi	vi incancreniste
adoprarsi	mi adoprai
velettare	velettando
chiudere	si chiudesse
assolutizzare	soluzionavate
incasellare	incasellavi
allampanare	allampana
inquisire	si inquieti
latinizzare	latinizzeremo
frondeggiare	si
rifiltrare	rifiltri
fugare	fugherebbero
sgranellare	ti
raccapricciare	accapricciavi
aggrovigliarsi	vi aggrovigliate
appigionare	appigioneremmo
placarsi	plachiate
randomizzare	randomizzi
somigliare	somigliati
rimbecillire	rimbecilliste
sdottoreggiare	addottrinavate
sgelarsi	sgelino
disingannare	mi disinganni
rifoderare	rifoderino
ridomandare	dominandosi
scheletrire	scheletriscano
radunarsi	si radunino
monumentalizzare	monumentalizzerebbe
lisarsi	si
sgombrare	sgombererò
lussare	lusso
spalancarsi	spalanchino
conformarsi	ci conformeremo
colliquare	colliqui
rilavare	rilavate
precompilare	precomprimessi
frenarsi	ci freneremmo
rimboschire	si rimbocchi
contristarsi	si contristava
cazzottare	cazzotti
immolarsi	ci immolammo
sfidare	vi
zinnare	zinnavo
ragionare	ragionaste
autosuggestionarsi	vi suggestionaste
perquisire	perquisiremmo
fluorizzare	fluorizziamo
fronteggiare	si fronteggerà
accoccare	vi
destrutturare	destrutturantesi
decaffeinare	decaffeinizzerei
spruzzare	spruzzaste
prosumere	assuma
incardinarsi	incardinavamo
respingersi	spingessi
ringagliardire	ringagliardendo
accosciarsi	si accosciassero
fremere	fremevamo
ingrigire	ingrigivano
ombreggiare	vi ombreggiavate
decuplicarsi	mi decuplichi
brogliare	brogliano
casualizzare	casualizzante
affumigare	affumigante
fonologizzare	fonologizzerei
irrigare	irrigassimo
addecimare	decimerete
saldarsi	vi saldaste
inferocirsi	si inferociscono
cavalcare	cavatevi
destreggiarsi	si destreggia
farfugliare	farfugliai
empiere	si
sabotare	sabotasse
spaparacchiarsi	spaparacchiate
involgarire	involgarendosi
gargarizzare	gargarizzeremo
invogliare	invogliavano
reintegrarsi	mi reintegravo
capponare	capponando
piantonare	scantonai
sfrondare	si
impiegarsi	impiegavate
cappottare	incappottasse
riacciuffare	riacciufferei
appaltare	ci
riversare	riversaste
pavoneggiarsi	mi pavoneggiai
incrinare	ti
suburbanizzare	suburbanizzato
evoluire	evolve
cambusare	ti cambi
seguitare	seguitiamo
abbrunarsi	abbrunirete
intabarrarsi	intabaccheranno
indemaniare	demanializzi
peragrare	peragraste
sembrare	sembrate
schiodare	vi schiodereste
giustapporre	giustapponevate
irradiarsi	si
sartiare	sartiare
frammentare	ci frammenteremmo
snellire	ti snellisci
affaticarsi	mi affatico
divincolare	divincolavamo
pattuire	pattuiremmo
shakerare	shakerarono
colluttarsi	collutterei
determinare	determinassimo
esterminare	sterminavate
accampanare	accampanato
svagare	svagaste
riporgere	riporgete
strimpellare	strimpelli
formulare	formuli
malvedere	malversò
mummificarsi	mummificavi
zompare	zompa
angosciare	angosci
circonfluire	circonfluiscono
sgroppare	ti
impiegare	impiegavate
impigrirsi	impigrisci
schiodarsi	vi schiodereste
prenderle	le prendeva
distrarre	si
brutalizzare	bruttasti
sciogliersi	si sciolga
accareggiare	ci
annientare	annientava
fulminarsi	si fulmineranno
mineralizzarsi	mineralizzati
sdottoreggiare	addottrinavate
consorziare	si consorziavano
globalizzare	ingloberebbero
sottogiacere	rigiaccio
affrittellare	affrittelleremo
frammentare	ci frammenteremmo
fosfatare	fosfatante
rinchiudere	rinchiuderei
pimentare	pimenta
trasferirsi	trasferisci
connettersi	disconnetta
enucleare	nuclearizzi
acconsentire	consentireste
ammannire	ammannellerei
vigoreggiare	vigoreggi
ripresentarsi	si presentano
burocratizzare	burocratizzerei
decongelare	decongelavi
ofiziare	vi
inchinarsi	ci inchineremo
rintontire	rintontiate
risospingere	risospesero
isterilirsi	ci isterilissimo
impastoiare	spastoi
incrinarsi	ti
asserragliarsi	asserraglino
scrutinare	scrutassi
ninnare	ninnoli
antropizzare	antropizzano
condiscendere	condiscendevamo
decriptare	decriptiamo
curvarsi	si curvi
scatenarsi	scatenare
custodirsi	custodivi
sforzarsi	mi sforzavo
calandrare	calandravamo
proibire	proiettasti
rinomare	rinomai
formarsi	sformi
fluttuare	fluttuiamo
predigerire	predigerisco
corredare	corredassi
confricare	confrichiamo
decappottare	incappottasse
dilavare	dilavaste
immolarsi	ci immolammo
innalzarsi	innalzare
impoverire	impoveriremo
barbugliare	barbugliando
convivere	convivremmo
altalenare	altalenino
blandire	blatera
semicingere	semicingevano
imbastire	imbastiamo
indovinare	indovinare
intervenire	intervenissi
alzarsi	vi rialzate
ubbligare	ubbligherei
incorniciare	scorniciare
vaneggiare	vaneggiassi
sgomentare	mi sgomentassi
ostacolarsi	mi ostacolavo
privarsi	privassi
trascendere	trascenderanno
raccordarsi	vi raccordate
sverminare	svermini
guarire	mi
spenzolarsi	spenzolereste
aggangherare	agganciandosi ghermiscano
appalesare	appalesavo
universalizzarsi	universalizzerebbero
affumigare	affumigante
immortalare	immortaleremmo
risollevare	si risollevava
emanarsi	si
deprecare	deprecate
tramutare	tramutando
mentirsi	si
introitare	introiettiamo
quadruplicarsi	quadruplicatevi
abbozzare	abbozzano
beccheggiare	beccheggiando
scrosciare	scrosciavamo
riadattare	riadatti
riavventarsi	mi riavventerei
congegnare	congegneresti
rivalutare	valutano
macellare	macellino
stuprare	mi
permettersi	permetto
sfuocare	si
sbancare	si
detronizzare	detronizzassimo
esaltare	si
defiscalizzare	defiscalizzante
estremizzare	estremizzavate
riprodursi	riprodurrete
ritrovarsi	atroverete
dinoccare	dinoccoleremo
flaggare	flangiò
miagolare	miagolasti
mixare	mixaste
ubriacarsi	vi ubriacaste
alchimiare	alchimierei
selezionare	selezionava
tamburellare	tambureggiassimo
permettere	permetto
alluminiare	allumini
sbracare	si
arrampicare	rampicassi
immergersi	immerga
accogliere	accogli
valorizzare	valorizzatevi
voltare	ti volterai
desonorizzare	desonorizzeremo
naturalizzarsi	denaturalizzeresti
ritirarsi	mi ritirai
orizzontarsi	orizzontatevi
scongelarsi	vi scongelate
intasarsi	si
scorporare	rincorporavate
bluffare	bluffa
infeltrire	infeltrirei
prevaricare	prevarichino
sommuovere	ti commuovi
scernere	discerne
confortare	ci confortammo
privilegiare	privassi
querelare	quereliamo
dogmatizzare	dogmatizzai
demoltiplicare	demoltiplicherebbero
ammaestrare	mi
bruciarsi	bruciacchiavano
clivare	clivano
disossidare	disossidassi
telegrafare	telegrafato
ammulinare	ammulinerò
malvedere	malversò
premunire	premunisca
uccellare	uccellinerebbero
reincarnare	reincarnare
pavoneggiarsi	mi pavoneggiai
rifoderare	rifoderino
sovraffollare	sovraffollerei
fendere	si
autoassemblarsi	ti autoassemblasti
schermirsi	ti schermiresti
incanaglirsi	si incanaglirebbe
ingollare	ci
luccicare	luccicherebbero
intrugliare	intrugliamo
apostrofarsi	si apostrofino
pavimentare	pavimentassero
mitigarsi	vi mitigate
riallungare	riallungano
deflettere	defletteste
livellarsi	mi livellai
sminuire	sminuiscano
sdraiare	ti sdraierai
affievolire	affievoliamo
dedurre	dedurrai
cuocere	cuociano
sgranchirsi	ti sgranchisci
inimicare	mi inimicai
preraffreddare	preraffredderò
soffregare	soffreghereste
sbloccarsi	si sblocca
ritualizzare	spiritualizzerei
precomprimere	precomprimessi
volpare	volpavi
scarrellare	scarrellerai
aggranchiare	aggranchiassi
incancrenirsi	vi incancreniste
glorificare	si glori
vaporizzarsi	ci vaporizziamo
impunturare	si impuntassero
riapplicare	riapplicheremo
intervallare	ci intervallassimo
riscontare	riscontaste
reinserirsi	ci reinseriremmo
imborghesirsi	imborghesissi
ambientarsi	ti ambienti
amareggiare	amareggerete
aggregarsi	disaggregheranno
arruolarsi	arruola
polemizzare	polemizzante
affidarsi	affidato
racemizzare	racemizzavate
intarlarsi	intarlavi
sbaciucchiarsi	sbaciucchiatevi
improsciuttire	improsciuttivamo
sbaraccare	si
imborghesirsi	imborghesissi
sradicarsi	mi sradicherò
risistemare	risistemassi
impellicciare	impellicci
adempiere	adempiono
balzare	balzelleresti
svagare	svagaste
rosicare	rosicate
ibernare	ibernino
quetare	quetavo
ambiare	ti
armonizzarsi	si armonizzi
mansuefare	mansuefaccia
equivalere	equivalessi
infilarsi	mi infilerò
rimutarsi	rimutasse
atrovarsi	vi atroverete
internalizzare	internalizzaste
campeggiare	campeggiato
insinuarsi	manualizziamo
adagiarsi	ci adagiamo
manifatturare	fatturino
squinternare	squinterna
enuclearsi	nuclearizzato
illudere	illudessi
padroneggiare	padroneggiassimo
declorare	declori
duramificare	duramificheremmo
acetificare	acetili
risorpassare	sorpassa
impiparsene	te ne impiperai
invaghirsi	mi invaghii
ingrossare	ci ingrossammo
decuplicare	mi decuplichi
riconquistare	si conquisterebbe
ghettizzare	ghermiscano
ammortizzare	ammortizzeremmo
orgasmare	orgasmante
incavare	incaverò
denaturarsi	denaturalizzeresti
ritemprare	ritemprerai
videochattare	videochattate
vaneggiare	vaneggiassi
demistificare	demitizzeresti
esumare	esumereste
impiparsene	te ne impiperai
antergare	antergai
arguire	arguiscono
riaumentare	aumentatevi
romanzare	romanzato
affogare	affogaste
carpionare	accarpionaste
sgambare	sgambettante
rinnamorare	si rinnamori
attraversare	attraversasti
raggrinzare	raggrinzirà
attorcere	attorcente
parodiare	parodieremo
sciabicare	sciabichi
gloglottare	gloglottereste
detorcere	detorcano
munirsi	munentesi
smascellare	si
denominare	denominava
vergolare	vergolassimo
azzittire	azzittiremo
ciondolare	ciondolerai
ammaestrare	mi
svirilizzare	svirilizzino
sfruculiare	sfruculiasse
salvaguardare	ti salvaguardi
commercializzare	commercializzeranno
ridipingere	ridipingi
sottostimare	sottostimo
agghindarsi	agghindatevi
sfigurare	sfigurassi
adunarsi	si radunino
adacquare	adacquate
confrontare	confrontarsi
collocare	si collocano
sforacchiare	sforacchieremo
enumerare	numerò
ricristallizzare	ricristallizzasse
sedurre	sedurrà
cianfrugliare	cianfrugliò
zonizzare	zoccolino
suicidarsi	vi suicidereste
intimidirsi	mi intimidisca
distribuire	redistribuiremo
raggiungersi	raggiungerei
esibire	esibiamo
rappacificare	rappacificati
infiocchettare	infiocchettavate
sgambare	sgambettante
assumersi	si assuma
denocciolare	denoccioleremmo
sborniarsi	vi sborniate
pizzicottare	pizzicheremo
cibarsi	cibiamo
suffumicare	umidifichiamo
imbroncire	imbroncente
impinguare	rimpinguassero
spiombare	spiombassimo
abbisognare	abbisogni
dimagrare	dimagrerebbe
compulsare	compulsino
azzurrare	azzurrai
intisichire	intisichiremmo
zinnare	zinnavo
sverginare	svergogni
consolarsi	ci
smorzare	si smorzerebbe
torcersi	si torcerà
prosciugare	prosciugheranno
prodigarsi	mi prodigherei
appioppare	appioppammo
elucubrare	ti
introitare	introiettiamo
gelatinizzarsi	si gelatinizzerebbero
effluire	effluente
polverizzarsi	si polverizzerebbe
necrosare	necrosano
discacciare	discacci
riaggregare	riaggregassi
striminzirsi	striminziste
effingere	effinga
avincere	si
shoccare	shocca
paganeggiare	paganizzi
ricattare	vi
rannicchiare	rannicchiamo
disinquinare	inquinereste
sgridare	sgriderò
degradarsi	ti
ribellarsi	vi ribellereste
sfaldarsi	ti sfaldavi
officiare	vi
statuire	statuiremo
sovrasterzare	sovrasterzeresti
feudalizzare	infeuda
pervertirsi	si pervertissero
riabbassare	ti
adiuvare	coadiuvino
effeminarsi	effeminerebbero
riagguantare	riagguanteranno
caratterizzarsi	caratterizzati
amminutare	amminuteremo
sopravvalutarsi	si sopravvalutassero
riscontrarsi	riscontrate
proteggere	proteggerei
scemare	scemi
incartapecorire	incartapecoriscano
impiombare	impiombi
trionfare	trionferemo
revisionare	revisioneranno
accordarsi	vi raccordate
privatizzare	privatizzavate
isolare	isoliamo
significare	magnificate
agucchiare	agucchiassi
straviziare	stravizi
instaurarsi	si instaureranno
stabilizzare	stabilisca
spiaccicare	ti
aggiornarsi	ci aggiornavamo
oscurarsi	oscuri
trascendere	trascenderanno
tariffare	tariffava
zampillare	zampilliamo
risommergere	risommino
riformulare	riformulai
impensierire	ci
bisecare	bisecarono
musicare	si
fiocinare	fiocinassimo
concordare	concorderemo
smorzare	si smorzerebbe
purificare	purificasse
affuocare	affuocassi
rafforzarsi	smorzerebbe
crespare	ci
tendere	ci
bilanciarsi	bilanciassi
disciogliersi	mi disciolsi
imbestiare	imbestialimmo
detonare	detonare
surclassare	surclasseranno
offrirsi	ci offrimmo
ficcanasare	ficcanasavano
dividersi	vi divideste
precaricare	si
ristorarsi	ristorammo
palettizzare	palettarono
distribuirsi	redistribuiremo
azzopparsi	azzoppandosi
scoscendere	scoscendevo
sgravare	sgravasti
sbigottirsi	ti sbigottiresti
falsare	falsassimo
