sacudir	sacuda
amputar	no
mayar	no mayen
retransmitir	retransmitieses
evidenciar	evidencian
confluir	confligieras
instrumentar	instrumentamos
desnatar	desnatáis
customizar	customices
derruir	derruyas
resbalar	resbalabais
oscurecer	oscureciere
retundir	retundamos
hospitalizar	hospitalizaban
yuxtaponer	yuxtapondrías
peligrar	peligrarán
despiezar	despiezaran
mandrilar	no mandrile
mutilar	mutilaron
arrobar	no arrobemos
nalguear	nalguearíamos
sincretizar	sincretizarás
trasmitir	trasmitamos
lastimarse	lastimado
cuchichear	cuchicheen
insumir	insumen
vomitar	vomitáis
damnificar	damnificases
diagonalizar	diagonalizaban
escabechar	escabechabais
endomingarse	te endomingares
triangular	no triangulemos
abejonear	abejoneáramos
remediar	remediaran
descogollar	descogollaban
redirigir	rediriges
personarse	personada
expurgar	no expurgue
pivotar	pivotaseis
rancar	no
desentenderse	se tendía
conquistar	no conquistéis
zuzar	zuzaran
morder	no muerdan
reconfortar	reconfortara
garapiñar	garapiñe
reemplazar	emplazares
rehusar	rehúsen
enrolar	enrole
administrar	administréis
gañir	autoengañaría
prestigiar	prestigiamos
contrastar	no
rozar	desbrozarían
fumar	no
coactuar	coactuaba
frotar	no
conquistar	no conquistéis
aconsejar	aconsejad
complejizar	acomplejaban
conformar	conformó
autografiar	autografiadas
volantear	volanteases
suplir	suplimos
esparcir	esparcidas
celebrar	celebraren
involucionar	involucionamos
enfardar	no enfardemos
inmortalizar	no inmortalicemos
aplazar	aplace
estofar	autofinanciabais
wasapear	wasapearas
anonimizar	no anonimices
convalidar	convalidáremos
plañir	plañerais
clarificar	clarificábamos
sobregirar	sobregira
hostilizar	no
presupuestar	presupuestamos
cachear	cacheaste
custodiar	custodiadas
dirimir	dirime
fermentar	no fermente
desenrollar	desenrolles
achicharrar	achicharrase
sobrevendir	no sobrevendan
estandarizar	estandarizarais
afilar	no
desafinar	desafinado
teclear	teclear
arbolar	no desarboles
revenirse	entrevengan
blanquear	blanqueando
subsumir	subsuma
despojar	despojaba
conglomerar	conglomerar
sanitizar	saniticemos
pervertir	pervierten
subsumir	subsuma
rehogar	rehogabas
sacramentar	sacralicéis
dilapidar	lapidara
posibilitar	posibilitemos
sobreexplotar	sobreexplotando
iludir	iludirás
proscribir	proscribiría
mondar	no
burbujear	burbujeasen
deshidratar	deshidratada
asustar	asusten
fosforilar	fosforilaría
visibilizar	visibilizaremos
reanudar	reanuda
reaparecer	reapareciere
fraternizar	no internó
bolsear	bolseáremos
arbolar	no desarboles
delegar	delegará
efectivizar	efectivizado
opinar	opinase
practicar	practicarían
desintegrar	desintegrar
embobar	embobares
readmitir	admitidas
subcontratar	subcontratares
guiñar	guiñaré
amortajar	amortajados
protagonizar	protagonice
permeabilizar	impermeabilice
frasear	no
cachear	cacheaste
doblegar	doblegó
acensuar	acensuaríamos
vulgarizar	vulgarizaseis
hipnotizar	hipnotizare
sulfatar	sulfatan
temblar	temblequeará
desensibilizar	sensibiliza
fruncir	frunciéremos
planificar	planificaríais
radiografiar	radiografiara
evadir	evada
desertizar	desertiza
trepar	trepide
camuflajear	camuflajeáramos
peinarse	me
acepillar	me cepillaría
hipnotizar	hipnotizare
fanatizar	no
lubricar	lubrico
libar	libáramos
acomplejar	acomplejaban
carbonizar	carbonizaras
cernir	cerniera
zurriar	zurriaran
devaluar	devaluarais
cuchichear	cuchicheen
cuadriplicar	cuadriplicaban
enfilar	no
enjaezar	enjaezaren
centrifugar	centrifugara
percudir	percudiré
ceñir	ceñía
abaratar	no abaraten
garbar	garbados
plasmar	plasmar
viborear	viboreada
disfrutar	disfrutemos
encargar	recargaré
desbastar	desbastara
ofender	ofenderé
reajustar	reajustados
enloquecerse	te enloquecieras
ahondar	se
momificar	momificaría
aplomar	aplomamos
impulsar	reimpulsan
jerarquizar	jerarquizara
desertizar	desertiza
adelgazarse	adelgazaos
desenroscar	desenrolles
insinuar	insinuaría
arrebujar	arrebujareis
desenrollar	desenrolles
amalgamar	amalgamábamos
desmontar	nos desmonteráramos
emparedar	emparedamos
sofisticar	sofisticamos
desposar	desposabas
abnegar	denieguen
permeabilizar	impermeabilice
dormitar	dormitarían
estancarse	me estancare
renunciar	renunciaseis
volantear	volanteases
venderse	os vendierais
desternillar	desternillare
desentumecer	desentumeciera
registrar	registrase
consultar	consultada
quedarse	se quedaban
ayunar	se desayuna
automedicarse	se
almidonar	almidonad
yodurar	yoduraba
frotar	no
diferir	difiriere
reasignar	asigne
husmear	no husmeemos
anatematizar	anatematizásemos
incomodar	incomodaréis
renovar	noves
permitir	no se permita
aglomerar	no aglomeremos
temblequear	temblequeará
publicar	publicamos
pararse	se
sobreestimular	sobreestimulare
despotricar	despotricareis
consonar	consonéis
desalinear	desalineara
desbocar	desbocarás
venderse	os vendierais
balbucir	balbuciera
procurarse	nos procuráremos
hackear	no hackeéis
sonrosar	sonrosaron
dibujar	dibujaríamos
masacrar	masacraría
deslenguarse	deslenguaos
demandar	demandaría
cualificar	cualifico
amargar	amargareis
acuñar	acuña
volver	volviera
reír	no ría
empañar	empañase
permear	permearía
modificar	modificamos
cambiar	cambiando
retraducir	retraducirás
encomiar	encomiando
abarloar	abarloaba
amedrentar	amedrentando
condensar	condensando
bañarse	nos bañaremos
deshelar	deshielan
zancajear	zancajea
introducir	introdujese
digitalizar	digitalizaseis
envergonzar	envergonzaren
acairelar	caireladas
tusar	tusarías
descifrar	descifrabais
textear	texteábamos
confirmar	confirmara
sostener	no
alargar	alargase
volverse	volviera
malvivir	malviva
traslucirse	traslúcete
desconcertar	desconcierta
contaminar	contaminará
acercarse	me acercaba
quedar	quedaré
desmayar	desmayarías
driblar	driblan
enamorar	os enamorareis
loquear	loquearas
enviudar	enviudando
ofrendar	ofrendéis
coescribir	no coescriban
okupar	okuparan
maravillarse	maravillaba
retundir	retundamos
electrocutar	electrocutare
alcanforar	alcanforabas
contribuir	contribuiré
autofinanciarse	os autofinanciabais
lagrimear	lagrimaría
computar	computa
invitar	invitaran
regatear	regateando
reconcomer	reconcomiste
difractar	no difractes
rezongar	rezongadas
enseñorearse	enseño
practicar	practicarían
retoñar	abrotoñaras
templar	no templemos
incumbir	incumbe
aruñar	aruñaba
samplear	samplearemos
chapotear	chapoteare
horrorizar	no horroricemos
encasquetar	encasquetara
situar	situaban
putañear	putañeando
arrepentirse	arrepentida
enrollar	enrollasteis
sancochar	sancocha
amodorrar	amodorraría
agradar	agradabais
aumentar	no
supervenir	supervenga
adormecer	adormece
incomodar	incomodaréis
desarreglar	arregladas
injertar	injertamos
acechar	acechaseis
colorir	coloras
semejar	semejabais
sonrosar	sonrosaron
maniatar	maniatase
desuscribir	desuscribas
desobstruir	desobstruimos
desplegar	desplegarán
carpir	carpió
simpatizar	simpatizarán
adivinar	no adivinemos
resfriar	resfriaba
ansiar	ansiamos
reestructurar	reestructurase
confundir	confundieron
googlear	no googlee
existir	no exista
perforar	perforara
chivar	chiva
desoír	desoigáis
runrunear	runrunease
despiezar	despiezaran
encajonar	encajare
trasoír	trasoigo
convivir	conviviereis
sulfurar	sulfuraría
enderezar	enderezara
exculpar	exculpabais
perecear	pereceaseis
decebir	decebidos
deletrear	deletreabais
tañer	tañeses
salpicar	salpicareis
cinematografiar	cinematografiarían
comprometer	comprometiese
hospitalizar	hospitalizaban
apiñar	garrapiñara
ronronear	ronroneasen
devanar	envanezcan
comunicar	comunica
civilizar	civilizaron
insertar	insertar
abjurar	abjurados
abisagrar	abisagran
cumplimentar	cumplimentaseis
tañer	tañeses
googlear	no googlee
laudar	laudados
ataviar	ataviamos
arrastrar	no
ruborizar	ruborizadas
ofertar	ofertase
uniformar	uniformáramos
abanderizar	no
uniformar	uniformáramos
garabatear	garabatead
desgajar	no desgajéis
embrutecer	no embrutezcamos
aherrojar	aherrojando
menospreciar	menoscaba
desensibilizar	sensibiliza
algoparse	se algopan
dormir	dormida
convergir	convergimos
legalizar	legalizásemos
exir	no
simultanear	simultanearen
ratificar	no
deglutir	deglutieres
videograbar	videogrababan
destrepar	destreparíamos
fracturar	no
musitar	musicalice
interponer	interpondré
inflamar	inflamábamos
retuitear	retuitearé
desaconsejar	desaconsejen
enhebrar	enhebraré
precisar	precisaríais
constiparse	constipan
bruñir	muña
diputar	diputarías
encadenar	desencadenada
autenticar	se
descuajar	descuajemos
desembrujar	desembrujaren
alcanforar	alcanforabas
enmendar	enmiendes
rojear	rojearé
contaminar	contaminará
jactarse	te jactes
copresidir	copreside
estornudar	estornudabais
descontrolar	descontrolamos
asolear	asolead
atribular	atribulaseis
desmonterarse	nos desmonteráramos
reincidir	reincidiendo
transmutar	transmutaría
trasnochar	trasnochaban
regoldar	regoldado
atañer	atañer
drogar	drogaríamos
reseñar	reseñaréis
reagrupar	agrupaba
emocionar	emocionen
recomprar	recompras
saborear	saboreado
equilibrar	desequilibre
cincelar	cincelaba
atarantar	atarantaríais
ahuyentar	ahuyente
destellar	destellando
relampaguear	relampagueo
escabechar	escabechabais
horadar	no horade
nixtamalizar	nixtamalizaría
rectificar	rectificar
cortejar	cortejaban
subvenir	subvengáis
olvidar	olvidado
tiznarse	tiznado
promediar	promediando
bucear	buceares
cosquillear	cosquillee
enhebrar	enhebraré
postrar	no
acalorarse	acalore
dilucidar	diluiremos
encuestar	encueste
amaitinar	amaitinareis
exhortar	exhalaríamos
independizarse	os independizasteis
juguetear	juguetearéis
liberar	libertase
arrogar	arrogásemos
optar	optas
tipologizar	tipologizabais
afluir	no afluyas
amasijar	amasijaren
amenguar	amenguaran
parafrasear	parafrasearías
glorificar	glorifiquéis
apuntalar	apuntale
picotear	picotead
imposibilitar	posibilitemos
azotar	azotemos
zuzar	zuzaran
saludar	saludarás
ventilar	no
dialogar	dialogaríamos
territorializar	territorialicemos
encaramar	encaramara
eligir	elijan
aquietar	quietases
cintilar	cintilan
asechar	asechamos
contactar	contactaréis
estructurar	reestructurase
interpolar	interpolan
esclerosar	esclerosen
estelarizar	estelarizará
perpetuar	perpetuaron
exultar	no
abofetear	abofeteare
llevarse	conllevara
precomprar	recompras
convergir	convergimos
comisquear	comisqueare
modorrar	modorramos
adobar	adobaba
turbar	turbaríamos
levitar	levitare
individualizar	individualices
bloguear	blogueábamos
enmugrar	enmugraríais
sufrir	sufran
tematizar	no
borbollar	borbollo
prejuzgar	prejuzgaré
culpar	culparán
desentumecer	desentumeciera
revivir	no reviváis
astreñir	astriñera
homogeneizar	homogeneizara
rezumar	zumbo
desosegar	desosegarían
nixtamalizar	nixtamalizaría
purpurar	purpures
encalabozar	encalabozan
apresurar	presuricemos
neviscar	nevisca
amohinar	amohíne
desorganizar	desorganizaban
empañar	empañase
chamuscar	chamuscaste
evangelizar	evangelizabais
parodiar	parodiaba
irritar	irritaba
efectuar	efectuaban
metaforizar	no metaforice
desenfundar	desenfundamos
acodarse	se acodarían
tirotear	tiroteamos
fosilizarse	nos fosilizamos
taconear	taconearas
rearmar	rearmaran
trepar	trepide
reflexionar	reflexionara
doler	dolemos
farfullar	no farfullemos
ratificar	no
ripostar	ripostase
bautizar	no bauticemos
abrillantar	abrillantaseis
adelgazar	adelgace
valuar	valuaren
enfriar	no enfriéis
toller	no tolláis
evangelizar	evangelizabais
chapalear	no
entrechocar	entrechoce
cifrar	cifraras
alechugar	alechugare
espigar	espiga
saludar	saludarás
anihilar	rehilemos
desvalijar	alijaramos
envainar	envainarían
ajetrear	ajetrean
empedrar	empedraba
destrabar	destrabábamos
incapacitar	incapacitará
volcar	revolcarán
ocluir	ocluirás
enmaderar	enmaderases
agusanar	agusanaré
maniatar	maniatase
pajearse	pajeará
nominalizar	nominalizas
embarazar	embarazaba
consolidar	consolidaseis
implantarse	se implantasen
europeizar	europeicemos
depredar	depredareis
golosear	no goloseemos
progresar	progresarais
alzar	realzas
reusar	reusaremos
obnubilar	obnubilabas
descortezar	descorteces
trufar	trufase
desdorar	desdora
filmar	filmaban
arponear	arponead
abuchear	abucheará
reencauzar	reencauce
higienizar	higienizaríais
desvariar	desvaries
observar	observará
conquistar	no conquistéis
informar	nos informábamos
sentirse	nos
sacudir	sacuda
enmugrar	enmugraríais
gravar	gravarais
babear	babeamos
parcelar	parcelaban
amojamar	amojamaba
bifurcar	bifurque
nublar	nublábamos
enderezar	enderezara
independizar	os independizasteis
dislocar	dislocaste
topear	no topeemos
pertenecer	se pertenecen
atascar	atasca
sobrecoger	sobrecoger
regatear	regateando
malherir	no malhiráis
aguapar	aguapamos
exorcizar	no
reunificar	reunificaban
independizar	os independizasteis
conocer	conocieseis
disturbar	disturbaríais
fosforecer	fosforilaría
apremiar	premiaría
desbloquear	desbloqueare
cumplir	cumplimentaseis
comenzar	comenzada
reconfigurar	reconfigurabais
disminuir	disminuiríamos
cliquear	cliquearas
tumbar	tumbaréis
interceptar	interceptados
indizar	indicéis
borbotear	borboteaba
mostrar	no
embriagar	embriagando
demudar	demudará
adoptar	cooptaba
cronometrar	cronometraron
avivar	aviven
referir	nos
añadir	añadíamos
llamear	llameada
decebir	decebidos
autofinanciarse	os autofinanciabais
generalizar	generalizamos
desescombrar	desescombrabas
independizarse	os independizasteis
encuadernar	encuadernabas
acobardarse	te acobardarás
reunir	reunidas
finalizar	no
versificar	diversificaba
manipular	manipular
mangonear	mangonee
abrochar	abrochase
entrecerrar	entrecerradas
transmigrar	transmigraras
exculpar	exculpabais
escanear	escaneara
cuadriplicar	cuadriplicaban
