reiterar	no reiteren
machucar	machucaste
preguntarse	pregúntese
marcir	no marzáis
jaquear	jaquearíamos
decir	dices
atrasar	atrasasen
escasear	escasearen
comparar	comparaba
alechugar	alechugare
redescubrir	redescubriríamos
desempeñar	desempeñaremos
suscitar	suscitamos
expatriar	expatriara
ejercitar	ejercitas
agredir	agrediendo
retraducir	retradujere
bordar	bordas
cliquear	cliquearas
alocar	alocaran
extrapolar	extrapolan
gratinar	gratinaréis
avanzar	no avancéis
ofrendar	ofrendásemos
aojar	aojares
editar	editáramos
entablar	entablan
alivianar	alivianará
perdurar	perduró
destorcer	destorciese
mutar	muten
rebozar	no reboce
jabonar	jabonarás
expedientar	expedientes
endeudar	endeudados
esposar	esposare
arrinconar	arrinconamos
esquinar	no esquinen
reimpulsar	reimpulsan
pisotear	pisoteemos
anticipar	no anticipen
deshelar	desheladas
estriar	estriarían
maniatar	maniaten
indizar	indicéis
ablandar	ablandaban
obligar	obligaren
sobar	sobo
despeinarse	os despeinaseis
despenalizar	despenalice
abonar	abonaran
resorber	resorbías
fertilizar	fertilice
destensar	destensarías
desaprovechar	desaprovechamos
ficar	ficasteis
clavetear	no clavetees
fornicar	fornico
valuar	valuaren
situar	situasen
abonarse	abónese
vandalizar	no vandalicéis
apasionar	apasionases
inteligir	no intelijan
sesionar	sesionáis
transitar	transitasteis
pasterizar	pasterizáramos
realizar	realizará
adelgazar	adelgazaban
defenestrar	defenestrar
descocer	descocido
bifurcar	bifurca
valer	valga
intrigar	intrigaban
externalizar	externalizara
efectivizar	efectivizado
noquear	noqueare
vandalizar	vandaliza
embarazar	embarazaba
aturar	aturarían
voltear	volteaseis
desunir	desunimos
pochar	pochase
fechar	fecharía
lastimar	no lastimen
recalibrar	no recalibréis
franelear	no franelees
apostar	apostada
formatear	formateen
ulcerar	ulceremos
terraplenar	terraplenó
deslucir	desluzcamos
robar	robó
pasteurizar	pasteurizare
equivocarse	nos equivocamos
documentar	documentaran
obstaculizar	obstaculizarías
defecar	defecara
realimentar	realimentaba
ripiar	ripiados
enlenzar	enlenzaría
amodorrar	amodorrar
infantilizar	infantilizareis
varar	vararen
repantigarse	te repantigarías
destellar	destellando
imponer	imponiendo
masculinizar	masculinizares
zambullir	zambullir
mover	movemos
cuerpear	cuerpea
asir	asía
cotorrear	cotorreases
destazar	destazo
golpetear	golpetearás
resistir	resistiera
peritar	peritarais
timar	timáremos
tronchar	no tronchemos
bullir	bullir
claudicar	claudiquen
desemborrachar	desemborrachamos
entrevistar	entrevistaren
injertar	injertarais
autoevacuarse	autoevácuese
desenfundar	desenfundamos
retundir	retundiereis
aceitar	aceitábamos
revender	no revendáis
desfinanciar	desfinanciar
catear	catearon
aburrir	aburrir
reverdecer	reverdecer
solidificar	solidificaré
blanquear	blanqueando
administrar	administrasteis
barrar	barrasen
imanar	imanabas
alojar	no alojéis
avanzar	avanzamos
emboscar	no embosquéis
naturalizar	naturalizarían
culminar	culminase
disfamar	no disfaméis
salpresar	no salpreses
capolar	capolaba
enflacar	no enflaquen
alejarse	alejémonos
abancalar	abancalaseis
sombrear	sombreareis
enmasillar	enmasillara
desautorizar	desautorizaríamos
contramandar	no contramandemos
revender	revendiera
enrocar	enroquéis
prender	prendamos
concluir	concluyera
demarcar	demarcada
amedrentar	amedrentando
adormilar	adormilaréis
desenvolver	desenvolvieres
erigir	erigiré
marcharse	os marchaseis
desayunarse	os desayunaseis
candar	candas
bullir	bulliste
gorrear	gorree
expeler	expelas
amblar	amblarás
abundar	abundabais
escalfar	escalfábamos
declarar	declaren
reflejar	reflejases
improvisar	improvisáramos
divergir	divergiera
secundar	secundando
agujerear	agujerean
centellar	centellaron
peticionar	peticionemos
penar	penaremos
injertar	injertaría
desvirtuar	desvirtuarán
conversar	conversaríamos
blasfemar	blasfemara
disculpar	disculparemos
rebuznar	rebuznes
deshojar	deshojares
retrasar	retrasaré
encuadernar	encuadernará
esposar	esposáis
descarbonatar	descarbonatas
olfatear	olfatearan
prevaricar	prevaricáremos
proferir	proferirían
uniformar	uniformáramos
aleccionar	aleccionara
datar	data
guardar	guarde
tumbar	tumbaréis
sobrecalentar	sobrecalentases
detener	detendremos
aborregar	aborregan
calcificar	calcificarían
cooperar	no cooperen
haber	hayan
baquetear	baqueteaba
dormir	durmiera
derogar	derogué
debilitar	debilitarais
topear	topeaseis
acometer	acometiereis
abaluartar	abaluartada
refinar	refináramos
prorrogar	prorroguen
enfardar	enfardados
coactuar	coactuaba
reforestar	reforestaren
adormilar	adormila
renacer	renace
desturcar	desturcan
intrigar	intrigados
enarbolar	enarboléis
sanear	saneáramos
vehiculizar	vehiculicéis
extraditar	extraditen
controvertir	controvertíais
desempañar	desempañaron
agrisar	agrisare
centellar	centellaseis
repintar	repintases
indizar	indizasteis
buitrear	buitreé
terraformar	terraformados
fagocitar	no fagocitemos
evaluar	evaluaseis
bailar	bailar
sobrecalentar	sobrecaliento
irritar	no irritéis
ribetear	ribetearemos
evidenciar	evidencian
significar	significasteis
garbar	garbarían
denominar	denomináremos
rehusar	rehusase
girar	giráremos
sufrir	sufran
sofocar	sofocado
verberar	verbera
peronizar	peroniza
alear	aleamos
apoderarse	apoderada
examinar	examinaras
revender	revenderás
rotar	roto
balacear	balacearéis
clarear	clareaba
becar	becábamos
interponer	interpondré
divinar	divinaremos
desperdiciar	desperdiciáramos
embeber	embeber
sustentar	sustentaríamos
pecar	pecará
detestar	detestásemos
domesticar	domesticarías
encubertar	encubertadas
carburizar	carburizará
bostezar	bostezáramos
abrumar	abrumada
reconvenir	reconviniésemos
educar	educas
divisar	divisa
cimbrar	cimbraron
lisonjear	lisonjearás
pinchar	pinchase
atrancar	atrancaríamos
desocupar	desocupáis
guillotinar	guillotinarás
envasar	envasaras
congregar	congreguen
saltear	saltea
arrodillar	arrodillado
impetrar	impetrando
subyacer	subyaced
telefonear	telefonea
cuadriplicar	cuadriplicaban
conglomerar	conglomerar
precocinar	precocinásemos
abollar	abollasteis
aguardar	no aguardes
permear	permearía
desmenuzar	desmenuzada
debilitar	debilitase
nitrificar	nitrificaban
revalidar	revalidan
engranar	engranaban
escariar	escariaremos
debatir	debatas
parlar	parlarán
mearse	se meen
imaginar	imaginare
pestañear	pestañeares
subtitular	subtitulaba
regodear	no te regodees
transmigrar	transmigraras
sazonar	no sazones
exudar	no exuden
reunir	reúne
interactuar	interactúen
trasparentar	trasparentada
desovar	desovadas
experimentar	experimentarán
sazonar	sazonaste
aventar	aventarás
olisquear	olisquearemos
efectuar	efectuemos
prevaricar	prevarican
ornamentar	ornamento
esbozar	esboce
achatar	achatabas
marear	marearais
rifar	rifare
embotar	embotaras
amerizar	americe
emparedar	emparede
mascujar	mascujarais
bancar	bancarán
chatear	no chateéis
embutir	embutiríais
mencionar	mencionemos
encender	encendieras
demediar	demediadas
enjuagar	enjuaga
musir	os musiríais
aporrear	aporreaban
aculturar	aculturen
enmudecer	enmudeciereis
doctorar	doctoraría
ondear	ondee
reexpedir	reexpedido
orbitar	orbiten
borbotear	borbotee
arrogarse	me arrogué
gratinar	no gratine
desairar	desairabas
decir	no digas
vengar	vengarán
comisariar	comisariáremos
ensuciar	ensuciemos
integrar	integrase
romantizar	romantizado
rehabilitar	rehabilitarán
embalsamar	embalsamó
desahogar	no desahoguemos
chirriar	chirriaran
remirar	remirara
destocar	destoque
disputar	disputo
apoderar	apoderabais
largar	largase
flanquear	no flanqueéis
afeitarse	os afeitéis
zozobrar	zozobres
anticipar	anticipé
sobrevirar	sobrevire
impulsar	no impulséis
barequear	no barequeemos
camelar	camelasteis
incumbir	incumbiendo
añorar	añore
reflexionar	reflexionáis
croar	croar
introducir	introdujese
embrollar	embrollarán
madrearse	se madrearían
renegociar	no renegocien
meditar	medite
lloriquear	lloriqueados
vosear	vosees
acumularse	te acumulaste
desenvainar	desenvainemos
asilar	asilareis
ocurrir	ocurrieseis
calmar	calmase
gilipollear	gilipolleásemos
engrosar	engruesen
cuestionar	cuestionaremos
fabricar	fabricáremos
marear	mareare
vacacionar	vacacionaran
reconocer	reconociendo
vagar	vaguemos
esclavizar	esclavizaríais
garantizar	garantizaste
aconsejar	aconsejaseis
desguinzar	desguinzé
amordazar	amordazareis
anudar	anudábamos
acezar	acezareis
pelear	peleen
embellecer	embellecidos
refulgir	refulgen
achantar	achantará
tontear	tontearía
adverar	adverado
vivificar	vivificarías
restallar	restalláramos
apostar	apostarías
inteligir	inteligieras
aprehender	aprehendieses
balear	baleamos
abultar	abultaste
abejonear	abejoneáramos
acariciar	no acariciemos
arrastrar	arrastréis
tapiar	tapiaríais
idiotizar	idiotice
cascar	cascasteis
nominar	nominásemos
alentar	alentasen
ahumar	ahumaremos
ir	vamos
estereotipar	estereotipo
lloviznar	lloviznarán
pacificar	pacificaban
bullir	bulla
sobornar	sobornasen
asistir	asistieron
abatanar	abatanarás
acriminar	acrimines
reimaginar	reimaginarán
rehilar	rehilaseis
almagrar	almagre
reimpulsar	reimpulse
deplorar	deplorareis
sobreseer	sobreseeríamos
almibarar	almibararen
desembocar	no desemboquemos
reestabilizar	reestabilizáramos
resollar	resollase
optimizar	no optimicemos
hiperventilar	hiperventilarían
habilitar	habilitásemos
intentar	intentaran
pastorear	pastoreara
tributar	tributaréis
trovar	trovaba
inferir	infieran
envanecer	envanecen
enfrentar	enfrentada
volver	volviereis
reubicar	reubicase
transfigurar	no transfiguréis
deshumanizar	deshumanizaría
confabularse	me confabularé
moralizar	moralizásemos
tenderse	se tendía
convulsionar	convulsionaría
salir	salgamos
apachurrar	apachurrase
pochar	pocharían
invertir	inviertes
percutir	percutí
concursar	concursareis
terraplenar	terraplenare
indexar	indexaría
eluir	eluiremos
pudrir	pudran
tajar	tajarás
despeñarse	se despeñaren
ganguear	gangueásemos
hipar	hiparemos
desbarrancar	desbarrancareis
sondear	sondeáramos
acampar	acampase
envenenar	envenenareis
entintar	entintaran
biografiar	biografiáremos
despeinarse	despeínense
proveer	no provean
triunfar	triunfasen
rentar	rentados
predestinar	predestinaréis
simbolizar	simbolicé
henchir	hinchieses
desaparecer	desaparecida
invernar	invernaríais
aparecer	apareciésemos
chapurrear	no chapurreemos
vivificar	vivificar
aponer	apusieran
acompañar	acompañará
recombinar	recombinare
patrocinar	patrocinen
licenciar	licenciamos
socializar	socializa
inteligir	inteligir
asediar	asediáramos
resaber	resupiéremos
desproteger	desprotegieras
colisionar	colisionara
desportillar	desportillado
rascar	no rasquéis
conocer	conocieseis
becar	becarás
desratizar	desratizarían
divagar	divagáremos
ejercer	ejercéis
posibilitar	posibilitemos
lagrimar	lagrimarías
adelgazarse	adelgazaos
tallar	tallares
atemorizar	atemoricéis
mallar	mallara
incluir	incluye
peatonalizar	peatonalizasteis
maximizar	maximiza
redescubrir	no redescubra
resentirse	no os resintáis
disputar	disputemos
tensionar	tensionarías
manducar	manducábamos
encontrar	encontrareis
empollar	empolle
abocar	abocaras
conceptualizar	conceptualice
acidular	acidulares
aterir	aterir
imprecar	imprecaren
ironizar	ironice
agasajar	agasajabais
apoderar	apoderemos
indexar	indexarían
escotar	escotar
matarse	me matase
abejear	no abejeen
azucarar	azucaramos
loar	loa
escalfar	no escalfemos
atesar	no atiesen
barajear	barajeares
acumular	acumule
privar	privemos
peregrinar	peregrinando
gandujar	gandujan
zarpar	zarpase
ingresar	ingresaríamos
concebir	concebí
redireccionar	redireccionaras
verberar	verberas
loquear	no loqueen
publicar	publico
descartar	descartados
evadir	evadía
empapar	empaparais
reimplantar	reimplantan
recomendar	recomendareis
dignificar	dignificaras
avinagrar	avinagrar
acercarse	nos acercáramos
elogiar	elogiados
impender	impendíamos
fundir	fundieran
sonrosar	sonrosaríais
barnizar	barnice
impeler	impelíais
construir	construimos
personalizar	personalizaremos
humedecer	humedecida
bramar	bramasen
rembolsar	rembolsarán
acordonar	acordonen
descargar	descargases
sobreseer	no sobreseáis
pochar	pochemos
principiar	no principie
castigar	castigamos
aherrumbrar	aherrumbrase
enmohecer	enmohecieran
zapar	zapemos
usurpar	usurpasteis
menguar	menguaban
sobrar	sobraríamos
pajear	pajeará
glasear	glaseando
desmesurar	desmesurábamos
salir	salían
convalidar	convalidó
agasajar	no agasajemos
reentrar	reentraban
mandonear	mandoneamos
consagrar	consagro
respirar	respirare
conectar	conectaron
mostrar	mostraréis
trenzar	trencé
recrudecer	recrudecíamos
corear	no coreemos
establecer	establecerías
computar	computa
visibilizar	visibilizaremos
llamear	llameáremos
humillar	humillado
suplicar	no supliquen
desbandar	desbandan
invitar	invitaran
escalfar	escalfarás
bofetear	bofetear
transitar	transitaran
mezclar	mezcladas
silenciar	silenciara
balbucear	balbuceas
sustanciar	sustancian
subvertir	subvirtieseis
envejecerse	os envejecíais
contrarrestar	contrarrestareis
desentonar	desentonara
revalorar	no revalores
reconsiderar	reconsiderase
humanizar	humanizaseis
romanizar	romanizo
simbolizar	simbolizaría
reavivar	reaviváramos
rebuscar	rebuscaría
dinamizar	dinamicé
aprestar	aprestases
constipar	constipe
guiar	guiemos
meteorizar	meteorizara
erosionar	erosioné
rebuscar	rebuscan
sepultar	sepultarais
anualizar	anualizaron
barritar	barritaba
flotar	flotase
atronar	atrone
desvainar	desvainásemos
atronar	atroné
adueñarse	se adueñara
socavar	socavaran
mentir	no mientas
aherrojar	aherrojando
socializar	socializaré
acorazar	acorazaba
vincular	vincularía
prorratear	prorratee
descontrolar	descontroláis
cloquear	cloquee
solapar	solaparan
bizquear	bizquearíamos
elucidar	elucidáremos
intoxicar	intoxicase
arrepentirse	se arrepintieren
latir	latirán
empalidecer	empalidecemos
ficar	ficare
jalear	jaleen
adelgazar	adelgazaron
financiar	financiaste
fardar	fardáremos
veranear	veranee
amueblar	amueblemos
acoplar	acoplarais
tirotear	tiroteamos
estragar	estragaron
refrigerar	refrigeraba
conservar	conserva
alegar	no alegues
sugestionar	sugestionasen
amainar	no amaine
ameritar	ameritarais
asestar	asestara
sucumbir	sucumbiría
obsesionar	obsesionarían
ministerializar	ministerializas
partir	partid
enviudar	enviudáramos
verbalizar	verbalizaseis
especular	especulásemos
detectar	detectáis
aplegar	aplegáis
valsar	valsadas
apilar	apilaste
reimaginar	reimaginen
regentear	regentease
duplicar	duplican
arriar	arriaras
abrasar	abraso
empuñar	empuñases
desollar	desolle
barbarizar	barbarizadas
renegar	renegara
descogollar	descogollaban
topear	topearía
ensanchar	ensanchen
despreciar	despreciaría
enflaquecer	enflaquecieseis
coincidir	coincidían
asear	aseabais
geolocalizar	geolocalizáramos
mearse	te mearas
reportar	reportaban
broncearse	me broncee
esputar	espute
muletear	muleteada
entreoír	entreoye
urgir	urja
salpresar	salpresaba
bordar	bordarás
evanescer	evanesce
excarcelar	excarcelemos
sanitizar	sanitizado
reiterar	no reiteremos
musicalizar	musicalizan
recapitular	recapitulé
extremar	extremabas
esbozar	esbocen
precocinar	precocinen
carburizar	carburizaseis
repostular	repostulados
actualizar	actualicemos
descontrolarse	os descontroléis
enardecer	enardecía
entreabrir	no entreabráis
aponer	apondrían
versar	versarais
cultivar	cultiven
babear	babeamos
convivir	no convivas
invisibilizar	invisibilizaría
traspapelar	traspapelaba
zapatear	zapateen
acurrucar	acurrucada
desestimar	desestimaseis
laxar	laxarán
patalear	pataleara
percatarse	os percataréis
engreír	engreídos
educir	educiríamos
discutir	discutirá
extraviar	extraviaseis
confesar	confiesen
oscurecer	oscureciere
hacer	hace
replantear	replantearemos
externalizar	externalizaste
resentirse	se resentirán
extender	extenderás
adverar	adverares
desembalsar	no desembalse
acogotar	acogotaríais
reenergizar	reenergizabais
sanitizar	sanitizarais
musicalizar	musicalizaron
despedirse	me despedía
fotografiar	fotografiares
dominar	domináramos
fornicar	fornicaríais
experimentar	experimentaba
iludir	iludiría
exiliar	no exiliemos
deducir	deduciría
humillar	humilla
esquilmar	esquilmada
sobrevolar	sobrevueles
convalidar	convalidáremos
levigar	leviga
arreciar	arrecian
gobernar	gobernarías
encantar	encantaremos
contraatacar	contraatacaras
obliterar	obliteraría
adivinar	no adivinemos
malograr	malograse
apreciar	apreciases
fraccionar	fraccionó
desmonterarse	me desmonteré
culturar	culturares
lactar	lactáis
dormir	dormís
amplificar	amplifiquéis
desmenuzar	desmenuzar
salpimentar	salpimentaría
mentalizar	mentalizáramos
acachetear	acachetearían
desatender	desatendí
germanizar	germanizares
subvenir	subvengáis
circunferir	circunfirieseis
arabizar	arabizamos
garapiñar	garapiñe
equivocar	equivocáremos
friccionar	friccionaba
decaer	decaerías
cercenar	no cercenéis
ahorcajarse	se ahorcajen
cicatrizar	cicatrizarías
resembrar	resembraría
tamborear	tamboreases
cabriolar	no cabrioles
recomendar	recomendamos
victimar	victimabais
desamparar	desamparada
escapar	escapabas
desinstalar	desinstalabais
aplacar	aplaque
represar	represaba
occidentalizar	occidentalizarais
marear	marearemos
acotolar	acotolo
dragar	draguemos
desviar	no desviemos
caldear	caldeando
nacionalizar	nacionalizado
enfrascar	no enfrasquéis
sancionar	sancionar
usurpar	usurparás
testiguar	testiguase
gasear	no gasees
envolver	envolvía
debelar	debelaría
incendiar	incendiaríamos
engendrar	engendró
apachar	apacharán
hostigar	hostigares
enconchar	enconchábamos
duchar	no duchemos
alarmar	no alarmen
escorarse	nos escorásemos
rizar	rizaseis
autolesionarse	se autolesionaban
desendeudar	desendeude
acallar	acallare
impregnar	impregnaré
morder	mordiere
intrincar	no intrinquéis
apocopar	apocoparon
reargüir	rearguyamos
descollar	descollabas
residir	residamos
entonar	no entones
compartimentar	compartimentarais
dormitar	dormiten
retrotraer	retrotrajisteis
expurgar	no expurgue
contribuir	contribuyéramos
destrabar	no destrabes
roncar	roncábamos
automutilarse	se automutilaran
imponer	imponéis
creer	creyésemos
impender	impendieran
espantar	espanta
reunificar	reunificará
habituar	no habituemos
metabolizar	metabolizares
empodrecer	empodrecerá
oficializar	oficializa
achocolatar	achocolataseis
enlistar	enlistad
espachurrar	espachurre
disponer	dispongas
curvar	curvaste
desvalorizar	desvalorizaría
trasfigurar	trasfigurados
controlar	controlamos
cariciar	cariciara
recamar	recamaría
condonar	condonaba
fruir	fruís
desmonterarse	nos desmonteráramos
aletargar	aletargada
lengüetear	lengüetearon
sopar	sopasteis
calabriar	calabria
desinstalar	desinstale
enlentecer	enlentecimos
retardar	retardabais
fajar	fajando
compensar	compensado
empadronar	empadronen
monetarizar	monetarizasen
despellejar	despellejaseis
transar	transamos
equivocar	equivocábamos
enrumbar	enrumbe
traslapar	traslapé
pelar	peláis
conferir	conferidas
desbandar	desbandada
admirar	admiraren
cafichar	cafichábamos
descolocar	descolocadas
contrarrestar	no contrarrestemos
trasgredir	trasgrediréis
destensar	destensabais
federar	no federes
rebuznar	rebuznan
tironear	no tironees
avergonzar	avergonzábamos
asar	asásemos
vaciar	vacía
colegir	coligieseis
deshidratar	deshidrataría
culebrear	culebreas
llamear	no llameemos
temperar	temperaremos
imanar	imanen
empollar	empollando
fumar	fumarais
anticuar	anticuaren
ventar	ventando
aflorar	afloré
reinstalar	reinstalabais
liberar	liberaban
participar	participabais
enumerar	enumeramos
achuchar	achuche
gravitar	gravitaréis
divorciar	divorciasen
empaquetar	empaquetó
desacomodar	desacomodaríais
subsumir	subsumíamos
encerar	encerares
majar	majaríamos
desdibujar	desdibujases
apretar	apretáis
desjudicializar	desjudicializarán
empeñar	empeñases
convocar	convocarías
copiar	copiase
salvaguardar	salvaguardasen
confundir	confundieron
disturbar	disturbaríais
manar	manad
gafar	gaféis
vegetar	vegeta
aclamar	aclamara
recluir	recluimos
abuñolar	abuñolaríais
orlar	orle
enconar	enconara
yantar	yantada
desaprender	desaprendía
centrifugar	centrifugara
emunger	emungería
sentirse	nos sentimos
acobardarse	te acobardarás
rehilar	rehilemos
flamear	flameados
emitir	emitirán
despistar	despistar
bolear	boleases
intrigar	intrigasen
sobrevenir	sobrevine
rastrillar	rastrillase
contrariar	contrariabais
ajardinar	ajardinadas
desvirgar	desvirgaría
embarrar	embarra
antedecir	antediremos
revelar	revelarás
aunar	aunado
refunfuñar	refunfuñemos
dormir	dormida
utilizar	utilice
adquirir	adquirieren
acalorar	acaloras
incoar	no incoen
empastar	empastaras
replicar	replica
humillar	humillares
inflamar	inflamábamos
acicalar	acicalad
desenclavar	desenclavando
agigantar	agigantadas
expedientar	expedientases
apasionar	apasionara
domiciliar	domiciliasteis
lazar	lazar
aterrorizar	aterrorice
pegarse	nos pegamos
concebir	concibiésemos
abartarse	te abartares
orquestar	orquestaría
posicionar	posicionaseis
reconciliar	no reconciliemos
aojar	no aoje
descabalgar	descabalgábamos
surcir	surcieres
acomodarse	se acomode
sobrevendir	sobrevendidas
inutilizar	inutilizasteis
gratinar	gratinaran
fotocopiar	no fotocopien
reenviar	reenvía
fertilizar	fertilizáremos
rehabilitar	rehabilitados
afiebrar	no afiebréis
ripostar	ripostase
espigar	espigarais
abrevar	abrevabais
ronzar	roncemos
disculpar	disculpen
precintar	precintara
zarandear	zarandeamos
cachondear	cachondeemos
honorar	honorarías
complementar	complementare
dictaminar	dictaminan
acusar	acusaron
ceñir	ceñía
desmelenar	desmelenando
afiebrar	afiebro
repensar	repiensen
espantar	espantareis
administrar	administréis
inculpar	inculparían
confesar	confesad
lastrar	lastrareis
refugiar	refugiarais
purificar	purificaríais
propagar	propagaríais
digitalizar	digitalizaseis
calcar	calquen
caminar	caminemos
peticionar	no peticione
acalorar	acaloraran
encomiar	encomio
rajar	raje
ribetear	ribeteemos
deplorar	deplorabais
barbechar	barbechad
empezar	empiezo
desembocar	desembocaría
desconcertar	desconcierta
descoyuntar	descoyunten
embadurnar	embadurnabais
precipitar	precipitaríamos
chacharear	chachareen
abdicar	abdicara
alarmar	alarmas
perseguir	perseguiríais
enjambrar	enjambrasen
contrariar	contrarían
perdurar	perduraríamos
entumecer	entumecieseis
colgar	colgares
hollar	no huellen
grillar	grillaban
prender	prendieseis
acicatear	acicateara
hurgar	hurgaras
charlar	charlaría
legalizar	legalizásemos
carenar	carene
agobiar	agobiaste
cristianizar	cristianizado
estigmatizar	estigmatizando
crepitar	crepitásemos
insertar	insertar
concentrar	concentrados
formar	forman
desasosegar	no desasoseguéis
empeñar	empeñen
hackear	hackeadas
replicar	replicara
apilar	apilaremos
ingresar	ingresásemos
endrogarse	se endrogarán
robotizar	robotizan
reacondicionar	reacondicionad
vindicar	vindicado
gorgotear	gorgotearíamos
espetar	espetan
coprotagonizar	coprotagonizaríamos
asquear	asquearais
cernir	cerniera
desacralizar	desacralizados
enhilar	enhilarás
detraer	no detraigáis
desmantelar	no desmantele
disimular	disimulábamos
alimentar	alimentaba
custodiar	custodiadas
cucharear	cuchareásemos
gandujar	gandujarías
apacentar	apacentaste
emancipar	emancipaba
pararse	me pararía
intubar	intubas
jaranear	jaranease
reentrar	reentrarás
alegrarse	me alegraba
roer	roerás
plantear	planteemos
rebotar	rebotado
impregnar	impregnásemos
descollar	descollasteis
desabejar	desabejasen
volantear	volantee
tincar	tincamos
asaetear	asaeteara
decepcionar	decepcionaríamos
ahorcar	ahorques
grillar	grillasteis
desestimar	desestimareis
borbotear	borboteaba
deportar	deportaren
resecar	resecasteis
lagartear	lagarteado
acalenturarse	me acalenturé
pergeñar	pergeñamos
amparar	no amparéis
marcir	marciereis
dimensionar	dimensionamos
destetar	destetábamos
robustecer	robustecidos
espolvorear	espolvorearíamos
principiar	principiamos
besuquear	besuqueare
reprochar	reprochásemos
agachar	agacharán
lamentar	lamentaría
retitular	retitulases
orar	oradas
occidentalizar	occidentalizarán
chambear	chambea
alquilar	alquilad
empatizar	empatizaríamos
dentar	dentéis
forjar	forjaran
institucionalizar	no institucionalices
formar	no forméis
zancajear	zancajeaseis
fervorizar	fervoricemos
identificar	identifica
esquematizar	esquematice
resoplar	resoplaría
desacomodar	no desacomoden
pecar	pecarían
vetar	vetabas
laudar	laudan
gestionar	gestionaríamos
rapar	rapáramos
interpolar	no interpolemos
inmiscuirse	te inmiscuirías
ilustrar	ilustran
mangar	mangare
reinscribir	no reinscribamos
profetizar	profetizaras
columpiar	columpiarais
suplir	suplimos
huir	huí
escorarse	me escoraría
saponificar	saponificadas
fallecer	falleció
complementar	no complementéis
embarazar	embarazases
vagabundear	vagabundeé
desguazar	desguazases
comunicar	comunicasen
morder	no muerdan
encuerar	no encuere
guglear	guglease
descodificar	descodificaban
suicidar	suicidadas
reestructurar	reestructurase
desintegrar	no desintegréis
acuñar	acuñarais
emboscar	embosquemos
traspapelar	traspapelado
topar	topa
bordear	bordeando
amodorrar	amodorraría
escarificar	no escarifiques
preocuparse	se preocupaban
odiar	odiáramos
extraer	extrajéremos
victimar	victima
viralizar	no viralicen
abonar	abono
masar	masare
eligir	elijan
salvar	salvabais
padecer	padeced
corear	coreas
licuar	licuadas
abombarse	se abombare
desmembrar	desmembrado
alegrarse	me alegrare
vibrar	vibrara
rumiar	rumiara
ordeñar	ordeñaban
invaginar	invaginase
escoltar	escoltar
ecualizar	ecualizaban
maltratar	maltratar
cuajar	cuajaremos
sermonear	sermoneada
resistir	resistieres
emparedar	emparedamos
trasgredir	trasgredió
distender	distendidos
desatar	desató
desballestar	desballestemos
biografiar	no biografiéis
hastiar	hastíes
crecer	crecieren
usarse	usado
retimbrar	retimbréis
repatriar	repatriaba
estabular	estabuló
envidiar	envidiadas
procrear	procreare
izar	izarías
enjaular	enjaulada
delaminar	no delaminéis
desbarrancar	desbarranco
agotar	agotare
vanagloriarse	nos vanagloriamos
descender	descendiera
implorar	implorara
pautar	no pautes
consistir	consistiesen
vandalizar	vandalizases
flotar	flotara
refundir	refundirás
chispear	chispeaban
viborear	viboree
saborear	saboreado
blocar	blocasen
desbocar	desbocarás
chupetear	chupeteare
domar	domemos
trabar	trababas
demudar	demudará
cortocircuitar	cortocircuitara
agregar	agregaras
sesgar	sesgaron
oficiar	oficiarán
desheredar	desheredara
descifrar	descifro
engatusar	engatusaba
aclimatar	aclimatareis
infestar	infestáremos
automutilarse	no te automutiles
chochear	chocheéis
zaherir	no zahiramos
acicalarse	acicalaos
occidentalizar	occidentalizaríamos
sonorizar	sonorizábamos
patalear	patalearas
ahuecar	ahuecaría
camelar	camelad
puentear	puenteare
picar	picamos
presurizar	presuricemos
exorcizar	exorcizada
higienizar	higienizaríais
metaforizar	metaforizare
comunicar	comunica
fusionarse	te fusionabas
familiarizar	familiarizados
estreñir	estreñimos
revolotear	revoloteásemos
embrujar	embrujasen
reflejar	reflejaren
desvencijar	desvencijados
ventosear	ventoseasen
omitir	omitías
distinguir	no distinga
permitir	permitirán
personificar	personificarais
dispararse	os dispararíais
ahormar	ahormemos
zigzaguear	zigzagueando
loquear	loquearas
nivelar	nivelen
barajear	barajeéis
selfiar	selfiaran
adecuar	adecuemos
pesquisar	no pesquiséis
rezongar	rezongara
dejar	dejares
auditar	auditaron
coser	cosa
broncear	broncearíamos
achicarse	no nos achiquemos
desprestigiar	desprestigiáis
frustrar	frustrará
chismear	chismees
laudar	laudados
donar	done
autofinanciarse	os autofinanciabais
trasmutar	trasmutada
festejar	festejases
geolocalizar	geolocalices
driblear	dribleáramos
germinar	germinéis
reforestar	reforestase
desnaturalizar	desnaturalizase
aifonear	aifoneó
delimitar	delimitaremos
perseguir	perseguidos
suponer	supondría
chinchar	chinchan
calcinar	calcinaren
polemizar	polemizados
falsear	falseamos
enorgullecer	enorgulleces
naufragar	naufragarás
aguardar	aguardada
atravesar	atravesarais
organizar	organiza
cacarear	cacareadas
enjaretar	enjaretabas
allegar	allegaremos
deshidratar	deshidrataseis
estornudar	estornudabais
decrecer	decrecieses
preñar	preñáis
reincidir	reincidiendo
bostezar	bostezaba
cuartear	cuarteaban
preconstituir	preconstituyera
acariciar	acariciaré
alegrarse	te alegrares
hipotecar	hipotecaban
averiar	averiamos
separarse	nos separáremos
desternillarse	os desternillaréis
reversar	reversáramos
exculpar	exculpado
conculcar	conculcabais
discutir	discuta
vacilar	vacilare
ponderar	pondere
encasquillar	encasquilles
fetichizar	fetichizaríais
abarloar	abarloaba
pandear	pandeaba
magnificar	magnificaren
extinguir	extinguieran
trasfigurar	trasfiguraran
caminar	caminareis
cafichar	cafichada
desmadejar	desmadejaras
uniformizar	uniformizaríamos
fraguar	fraguaron
achicharrar	achicharráremos
aerografiar	aerografiaseis
poblar	pobléis
desdecir	desdecía
desclasificar	desclasificasteis
adobar	adobaremos
empodrecer	empodreciste
copatrocinar	copatrocinada
adversar	adverséis
filosofar	filosofare
trasplantar	trasplanté
contabilizar	no contabilice
aprovechar	aprovechasen
chorrear	chorreáis
permutar	permutas
valsar	valsaría
apoquinar	apoquinabais
bancar	bancaréis
intercambiar	intercambien
adversar	adversabas
contratar	contrates
aburujar	aburujaré
elidir	elididas
taconear	taconeares
seducir	seduzcan
menguar	menguaste
abalanzar	no abalances
preceptuar	preceptuaría
desaparecer	no desaparezcamos
modificar	modificases
amoblar	amoblábamos
desguanguañar	desguanguañaras
embuchar	embuchemos
apacentar	apacentásemos
despejar	despejarían
lucir	lucieren
esculpir	esculpieseis
maznar	maznar
motivar	motivase
enlucir	enlucieres
africanizar	africanizaba
desandar	desanduvieron
pararse	párense
cimar	cimara
pulverizar	no pulvericen
eclipsar	eclipsen
desbarrancar	desbarrancaría
subseguir	subsiguen
discernir	discerniría
propender	propendéis
aforrar	aforrábamos
apostillar	apostillando
votar	votabais
acogotar	acogotaste
manar	manéis
aplomar	aplomareis
entibiar	entibiasteis
desvariar	desvariabas
renunciar	renunciasen
despuntar	despuntaron
atardecer	atardecen
distorsionar	distorsionado
lubrificar	lubrificaré
regenerar	regenerarían
desaprobar	desaprobabas
agacharse	os agachabais
comenzar	comienzo
apoderarse	os apoderareis
erradicar	erradicarán
autorretratarse	se autorretratara
maliciarse	malicíese
compatibilizar	compatibilizo
desencriptar	desencriptadas
empalagar	empalagáis
desacoplar	desacoplase
departir	departiésemos
erosionar	erosiones
sincretizar	sincretizarás
ataviar	ataviásemos
enamorar	enamore
fisgonear	fisgoneé
reiniciar	reiniciasen
embuchar	embucháramos
enraizar	enraizasen
sobrecoger	sobrecogieran
pronosticar	pronostiquemos
acerrojar	no acerrojes
repescar	repescamos
arribar	arribaste
toller	tollieres
despiojar	despiojáremos
electrizar	electrizaseis
ignorar	ignoráramos
estacar	estacarás
ceñir	ceñirías
apagarse	apáguese
disputar	disputado
contusionar	contusionaba
frustrar	frustrasteis
mutilar	mutilaron
desescombrar	desescombró
succionar	succionamos
cincelar	cincelares
suplantar	suplantabais
embrollar	embrollarían
empachar	empachaseis
flagelar	flagelen
reimponer	reimpusisteis
medicar	medicara
imaginar	imaginamos
ramificar	ramificara
renunciar	renunciaseis
fingir	finjo
chapalear	chapalearía
acostar	acostaría
desvirtuar	desvirtuadas
automutilarse	automutilarse
tironear	tironee
descabalgar	descabalgaba
anonimizar	anonimizareis
rociar	rociar
fatigar	fatigare
desmantelar	desmantelabas
oxigenar	oxigena
diluir	diluía
enlucir	enlucieses
acitronar	no acitronen
anclar	anclen
rasurar	rasurasen
pendejear	pendejeadas
existimar	existimaréis
memorizar	memorice
confinar	confina
percatarse	se percatarían
regatear	regateare
sanjar	sanjare
incrustar	incrustarán
responder	responderemos
holgazanear	holgazanees
complementar	complementaremos
diptongar	diptongaba
rotar	rotásemos
stalkear	stalkeaste
alquitranar	alquitranabas
estrujar	estrujaras
zombificar	zombificad
serruchar	serruchase
reaprender	reaprendieras
contramandar	contramande
desmantelar	desmantelase
masticar	masticad
sobrar	sobrases
excusar	excusases
vehicular	vehicularais
rectificar	rectifique
motivar	motivemos
comunicar	comunicada
atezar	ateces
fastidiar	fastidiaras
topear	topeaba
acechar	acechaseis
desazonar	desazonase
meritar	merite
compendiar	compendie
expedientar	no expedientéis
compungir	compungieran
empadronar	empadronaré
guiar	guié
desaliñar	no desaliñemos
espabilarse	se espabilará
cimbrar	cimbrarais
amaitinar	amaitinaste
encapuchar	encapucharemos
espabilarse	nos espabilamos
filar	filó
anchar	anchara
desarropar	desarropó
sucumbir	sucumba
disecar	diseco
escalonar	no escalonemos
esfumar	esfumarán
reestablecer	reestablecerías
consignar	no consigne
trasponer	traspondremos
exir	exías
revitalizar	revitalizabas
relampaguear	relampagueo
rapiñar	rapiñarás
subsumir	subsuma
agravar	agraváremos
columpiar	columpiaríamos
acobardar	acobardases
nutrir	nutriría
banalizar	banalizabas
excitar	excite
reconfigurar	reconfigurar
bosquejar	bosquejamos
unificar	unificase
ruralizar	no ruralicen
disipar	disipadas
preceptuar	preceptuare
despechar	despechen
acartonarse	os acartonareis
acensuar	acensuaríamos
flamear	flameas
cairelar	cairelarais
pronosticar	pronosticaren
adormilar	no adormiles
retimbrar	retimbrare
contraprogramar	contraprogramaríamos
blasonar	blasono
aboyar	aboyes
maravillar	maravillasteis
resplandecer	resplandecieren
contener	contuviese
aprontar	apronte
recubrir	recubrieres
abordar	abordó
acomplejar	acomplejaban
trepidar	trepidaréis
alunizar	alunizad
prorratear	prorratearas
desmesurar	no desmesuréis
calafatear	calafateara
rembolsar	rembolsaren
pugnar	pugnasen
recelar	recelaba
uncir	uncías
aplacar	aplacarías
capacitar	capacites
compaginar	compaginar
desenchufar	desenchufasen
opositar	opositará
lavarse	te lavarías
equivaler	equivalgáis
destartalar	destartalaría
despolitizar	despolitices
desmotivar	desmotivase
acuchillar	acuchillabas
deshumanizar	deshumanizábamos
firmar	firmaba
reembolsar	reembolso
camotear	camotearé
limosnear	limosnearán
victimizar	victimizaren
sobrevirar	sobreviraba
malherir	no malhiráis
capturar	capturamos
rifar	rifaríais
lamer	lames
driblear	dribleas
lengüetear	lengüeteada
podar	podasteis
amarillecer	amarillecieran
marchar	marcharen
esperanzar	esperanzará
contundir	contundierais
olvidar	no olviden
clorinar	clorine
acicatear	acicateaste
intrincar	intrincáramos
filmar	filmarán
amoratarse	nos amoratásemos
copatrocinar	copatrocinarás
loquear	loqueas
photoshopear	no photoshopeemos
conmocionar	conmocionará
lindar	lindéis
algoparse	se algope
regrabar	regrabáremos
legar	legarías
contrahacer	contrahicisteis
negrecer	negrecía
chismear	chismearon
empatizar	empatizaseis
especular	especularíamos
peatonalizar	peatonalizaron
atribular	atribulaseis
amontonar	amontonábamos
climatizar	no climatice
prevalecer	prevaleciese
intentar	intentara
extremar	extremo
proseguir	proseguiréis
reinvertir	reinvirtiera
empañar	empañábamos
chulear	chulearía
quitar	quitando
bramar	bramaría
flojear	flojeé
asustarse	se asustaría
sincopar	sincopaba
trolear	trolearan
autoinculparse	me autoinculpe
excusar	excusaron
desoír	desoirán
coaccionar	coaccionasen
llavear	llaveemos
prestar	prestaría
desencontrarse	no te desencuentres
corregir	corrigieres
constatar	constatas
recolectar	recolectaran
aflojar	aflojaba
conminar	conminados
comprimir	comprimirían
independizar	independizó
atenazar	atenazáramos
desabotonar	desabotona
centrifugar	no centrifuguen
rentabilizar	rentabilizamos
plasmar	plasmara
atorgar	atorgaríamos
saber	supiste
promulgar	promulgaban
requisar	requisa
abetunar	abetunábamos
aspirar	aspiráramos
enfrascarse	enfráscate
expoliar	expolie
deificar	deificareis
obrar	obraréis
retirar	retirareis
bloguear	blogueábamos
timar	timábamos
empobrecer	empobrezcamos
deleitar	deleitáis
desahijar	desahijases
empeorar	no empeore
certificar	certificaríamos
nixtamalizar	nixtamalizaría
domar	domasteis
desdecir	desdeciría
reencarnar	reencarnáis
forzar	forzare
degollar	degollabas
reasignar	reasignasen
destrepar	destreparíamos
enviciar	enviciado
evacuar	evacuabais
disculpar	disculpamos
denegar	no denieguen
pormenorizar	pormenoriza
pasteurizar	pasteurizaré
trepar	treparía
intercambiar	intercambies
proponer	propusieras
rehacer	rehaces
suscribir	suscriban
desestacionalizar	desestacionalizare
materializar	materializarais
rebozar	rebozaría
consternar	consternabais
coronar	coronamos
emancipar	emanciparía
desavenir	desavendréis
impartir	impartieran
incubar	incubad
sincerarse	se sincerarán
cromar	cromad
ventosear	no ventosee
controvertir	controvirtamos
conglomerar	conglomeraran
minimizar	minimizarán
aburrirse	no se aburra
diluir	diluye
prospectar	prospectaran
repartir	repartieras
arremeter	arremetiéremos
desagradar	desagrade
desconectar	desconectabais
afrancesar	afrancesáremos
reabastecer	reabastecía
facturar	no facturen
preparar	prepararon
diseccionar	diseccionarás
trinchar	trincharé
arquear	arquearían
enervar	enervara
enfrascarse	no nos enfrasquemos
desvencijar	desvencijarías
burlarse	se burlare
airear	aireare
reproducirse	nos reproducimos
nalguear	nalgueaseis
deparar	deparemos
desbastar	desbastara
alongar	alongabas
cincelar	cincelaremos
percudir	percudiré
descuajar	descuajemos
facultar	no facultes
empacarse	empaquémonos
abejonear	abejonea
prepintar	prepintarás
podar	no podéis
consternar	consternaren
recelar	receléis
fufar	no fufes
obsesionar	obsesionares
adarvar	adarvarais
enjaezar	enjaezaren
rebozar	rebozaran
rumbear	rumbearon
transitar	transitarías
acartonarse	se acartonará
residenciar	residenciaba
erguir	erguiréis
entusiasmar	entusiasmen
amamantar	amamantar
prestigiar	no prestigiéis
malvender	malvendiera
dosificar	dosificarás
cimar	cimen
arrullar	arrullases
empodrecer	empodreciereis
sobreactuar	sobreactuabas
sentenciar	sentenciaría
contratar	contrataba
recocer	recociere
despelotar	no despelotes
acomodarse	acomódese
americanizar	americanizaras
abrasar	abrasarais
exprimir	exprimían
exfoliar	exfoliáremos
parlotear	parlotee
embetunar	embetunarais
obstruir	obstruyó
encapsular	encapsulado
surgir	surgimos
rayar	rayó
escanciar	escanciabas
cerrar	cierre
encolerizar	encolerizan
cooptar	cooptaba
deleitar	deleitaste
deforestar	deforestásemos
parodiar	parodiaba
pepenar	pepenarais
perturbar	perturbaría
recriminar	recrimines
desapalancar	desapalanquemos
arder	arde
formar	formen
lamber	lambido
reestructurar	reestructuro
pelar	pelados
desasosegar	desasosegaríamos
chulear	chulease
aporrear	aporreas
alfabetizar	alfabeticen
frenar	frenaban
laburar	laburen
camuflar	camuflase
enderezar	enderezara
ayudar	ayuden
retraerse	os retraéis
prender	prendía
trotar	trotaras
contribuir	contribuyésemos
untar	untaréis
recoger	recogíamos
cerrar	cerraron
desencriptar	desencriptara
converger	convergiésemos
resaltar	resaltada
grillar	grillad
masajear	masajeaba
esquiar	esquiase
aojar	aojad
descocer	descoceréis
suministrar	suministráremos
picar	picase
consentir	consentimos
amargar	amargareis
tallar	tallarás
rememorar	rememorareis
reescribir	reescriban
distinguirse	me distinguiría
florear	floreemos
amainar	amainadas
transcurrir	transcurrís
moverse	os movisteis
automatizar	automatizabas
cuadrar	cuadrando
entrelazar	entrelazasteis
autorrealizarse	se autorrealiza
acojonarse	acojónese
habituar	no habitúen
saber	sepa
frivolizar	frivolizara
bufar	bufaron
almidonar	almidones
candidatear	candidatearemos
despegar	despegad
racionalizar	racionalizara
clorar	no cloréis
trepidar	trepide
enhornar	enhornaba
sulfatar	sulfatan
atollarse	atollaos
desconectar	desconectaremos
aturdir	aturdiría
emprender	emprendisteis
levantar	levantaren
pronunciar	pronunciarías
desear	no deseéis
despellejar	despellejase
arruar	arrúe
resorber	resorbe
motivar	motives
bocinar	bocináremos
loquear	no loquee
entusiasmar	entusiasmemos
tejer	tejieseis
transliterar	transliteremos
fermentar	fermentabas
examinar	examinase
enjabonar	enjabone
oler	huela
pirar	pire
enmarañar	enmarañaréis
arder	arded
recontar	recontaría
desentumecer	desentumezcamos
cursar	cursarais
estrangular	estrangularas
tincar	tincaba
arrepentirse	me arrepentía
deslucir	deslucirás
adolecer	adoleceréis
felicitar	felicitado
escudriñar	escudriñaren
bolsear	bolseáremos
enamorar	enamorase
malograr	malogrará
sonrojar	sonrojare
sesear	seseareis
sintetizar	sintetizarás
colectar	colectes
empalidecer	empalidecerán
dibujarse	os dibujéis
amplificar	amplificamos
canear	canean
amaestrar	amaestrada
desencadenar	desencadenada
procurar	procurasteis
reescribir	reescribía
engrosar	engrueso
grapar	graparon
clasificar	clasificados
desprecintar	desprecintó
bostezar	bostezaste
alistar	alistase
televisar	televisáremos
taquillar	taquillaréis
aruñar	aruñaras
entropezar	entropezaría
testear	testearíamos
atronar	atronarían
incrementar	incrementé
almorzar	almorzaríamos
disentir	disentida
acodarse	se acodarían
vindicar	vindiquen
idolatrar	idolatra
aprehender	aprehendáis
soterrar	soterráremos
entrevenir	no entrevengan
erosionar	erosionarán
trolear	trolearas
armar	armaba
lamentar	lamentados
renegociar	no renegocie
plastificar	plastifiqué
acrecer	acrezcamos
alegar	aleguemos
serigrafiar	serigrafiaras
sedimentar	no sedimentes
colaborar	colaborase
desgajar	no desgajéis
voltear	volteadas
rodar	rodado
visitar	visitarías
halar	halas
desolar	desolaras
flagelar	flagelaste
ahijar	ahijases
churruscar	churruscaron
concebir	concebid
almorzar	almuerzo
tonsurar	tonsurara
blindar	blindemos
desflorar	desflorarais
caracterizar	caracterizasteis
comunicar	comuniquemos
infeccionar	infeccionemos
malear	malee
disipar	disipáramos
obstinar	obstinaseis
insuflar	insufles
restructurar	restructurábamos
desainar	desainare
narrar	no narremos
enmarcar	enmarcara
descarrilar	descarrilemos
contravenir	contravenís
teorizar	teorizabais
infringir	infringía
reponer	reponían
taponar	taponados
computarizar	computarizamos
achinar	no achinen
abatirse	no te abatas
cobrar	cobraban
empeñar	empeñado
descuidar	no descuides
recalificar	recalificara
fluctuar	fluctúe
resollar	resollaron
desempolvar	no desempolves
connotar	connotarán
acaudillar	acaudilléis
subvenir	subviniésemos
pilotar	pilotareis
lapidar	lapidaré
retroceder	retrocediere
discutir	discutierais
enconchar	enconchásemos
gestar	gestare
posar	posad
causar	causad
desabotonar	desabotonamos
profundizar	profundizasteis
coimear	coimeó
refacturar	refacturáis
cascar	casqué
barritar	barritados
dirigirse	te dirigiste
morir	muriese
promover	promovieren
ramificar	ramifique
refundir	refundieses
haber	haya
corromper	corrompes
reordenar	reordenaran
sepultar	sepultara
joder	jodiere
envainar	envainarían
cuestionar	cuestionar
curtir	curtas
esmaltar	esmaltaras
ilusionar	no ilusiones
desregular	desregularíais
restituir	restituís
defender	defiende
torturar	torturo
pintarrajear	pintarrajease
trabar	trabara
rodear	rodeen
compatibilizar	compatibilizaste
escindir	escindiríamos
sobreestimar	sobreestimará
balsear	balsearán
blasonar	blasonáis
arabizar	arabizases
atraer	atrayendo
majar	majes
apuntalar	apuntalarás
resorber	resorbiste
diseminar	diseminaría
telefonear	telefonearán
constituir	no constituyan
abastionar	abastionad
azolvar	azolvase
expatriar	expatriaran
desconcentrar	desconcentraste
imputar	imputase
bracear	bracee
trasladar	trasladamos
embetunar	embetunamos
rescindir	rescindiese
desmoronar	desmoronaran
orear	orearé
googlear	no googleéis
educar	educarás
golpear	golpearas
traspirar	traspiraríamos
pararse	parado
tropicalizar	tropicalizar
verberar	no verberéis
inundar	inundas
microscopiar	microscopiarían
empatar	empatemos
retroceder	retrocediste
arder	no ardan
manar	manaremos
abdicar	abdicarías
esterilizar	esterilizara
rescindir	rescindiría
anteponer	antepusieseis
coludir	coludían
congregar	congregaría
humear	humease
discernir	discernamos
metalizar	no metalice
esclarecer	esclarezcamos
lastrar	lastraras
rejuvenecer	rejuveneciere
acaecer	acaezcan
ambientar	ambientases
apoyar	apoyemos
ahuyentar	ahuyente
disimular	no disimuléis
abarloar	abarloaron
descontratar	descontratase
ensangrentar	ensangrenté
sobrevalorar	no sobrevaloréis
aludir	aludido
demudar	demudarías
achicharrar	achicharrado
antedatar	antedatabas
dejar	dejad
resucitar	resucitaban
indiciar	indiciabas
repoblar	repoblados
perforar	perforara
entrar	entrare
refunfuñar	no refunfuñes
horripilar	horripilarán
atragantar	atragantarás
sanjar	sanjares
amontonar	amontonarán
pololear	pololeasen
externalizar	externalizaríais
atascar	atascaras
agredir	agredáis
enardecer	enardecerían
sortear	sortearon
autogestionarse	autogestionarais
achicarse	se achicare
divinar	divinaríamos
autobombearse	os autobombeaseis
surgir	surge
desbastar	desbastemos
distinguir	distinguir
desentumecer	desentumeciera
acompañar	acompañaran
secarse	os secaríais
endulzar	endulzaría
maximizar	maximizaríais
alinear	alinearen
pungir	punja
curvar	curvaba
aniquilar	aniquilarían
recortar	recortare
predominar	predomine
esposar	esposamos
algoparse	algopados
agarrotar	agarrotaremos
transcribir	transcribiese
atronar	atronaseis
desacreditar	desacreditáremos
televisar	televisaré
ponerse	se pondrían
irrigar	irrigares
alborear	alboreando
acantorar	acantoraban
encantar	encantes
ajustar	ajustara
rodar	rodaría
remolcar	remolcaba
vocalizar	vocalizasteis
hacer	haría
pintarrajear	pintarrajeadas
disfrazar	disfraces
gorjear	gorjeara
zurriar	zurriabais
domar	domes
entrechocar	entrechocáis
hincharse	os hincháis
disolver	disolviereis
edificar	edificaríais
catapultar	catapultaren
besuquear	besuqueareis
encontrar	encontrara
piquetear	piqueteé
volantear	volantea
denigrar	denigramos
medrar	medré
manotear	no manoteéis
equiparar	equipara
reputar	reputó
engangrenar	engangrenaren
contrabandear	contrabandearon
desatascar	desatascados
equivocarse	equivocada
capturar	capturare
legalizar	legalizado
orear	oreáremos
proferir	profiera
despeinarse	me despeinase
confeccionar	confeccionabais
atacar	atacábamos
existimar	existimase
reajustar	reajustados
redimensionar	redimensionamos
hospitalizar	hospitalizadas
bufar	bufarais
revistar	revista
entresacar	entresacaríamos
formular	formulaban
avergonzarse	se avergonzaren
argüendear	argüendeamos
triangular	trianguló
refrescar	refrescare
despoblar	despobláremos
frasear	fraseaste
cimbrar	cimbraréis
crepitar	crepita
estriar	estriar
desvirgar	desvirgarían
desembrujar	desembrujen
deparar	deparará
precalentar	precalentaba
incorporar	incorpore
mimar	mimarías
espabilarse	se espabilan
inclinar	inclinen
fildear	fildees
comerciar	comerciemos
anticuar	anticuareis
simular	simulaban
sobreponer	sobrepuesto
divorciar	no divorciemos
descomponer	descomponed
alumbrar	alumbrar
amarrar	amarra
murar	muré
autobombearse	se autobombearan
seducir	seducimos
arrendar	arrienden
prohibir	prohíban
equivocar	equivocadas
enunciar	enunciéis
venerar	venerada
rebelar	rebele
lagartear	no lagartees
desposar	desposabas
acetificar	no acetifiquen
repolitizar	taconaría
cotejar	no cotejemos
desmoralizar	desmoralizaría
sumar	no sumes
aventajar	aventajados
solidificar	solidifique
inventar	inventaba
vadear	no vadeen
trastear	trastearon
propasar	no propaséis
achuchar	no achuchéis
sucitar	sucitase
achuchar	achucharían
atenazar	atenazarás
abajar	abajase
flipar	flipó
teletransportar	teletransporto
dejar	dejare
videograbar	videograbéis
eclosionar	eclosionamos
alear	aleé
bailar	bailarais
gargarizar	gargarizáremos
bastonear	bastonearíamos
exceder	excediese
olfatear	olfatearía
entablar	entablados
cebar	cebad
espachurrar	no espachurremos
acañonear	acañoneábamos
sopar	sopara
censurar	censurarán
decomisar	decomisábamos
baquetear	baqueteáremos
opugnar	opugnaré
violentar	violentarías
plasmar	plasmase
anegar	anegaban
desmadejar	desmadejaría
modorrar	modorramos
intubar	intube
atiesar	atiesáramos
comprobar	comprobaras
majar	majado
desencallar	desencallase
vaporizar	vaporicéis
bullir	bullirías
simultanear	simultaneares
maniatar	maniatasen
flambear	flambead
borrar	borrabas
zanjar	zanjásemos
revisar	revisemos
defecar	defecaste
conllevar	conllevara
filar	filaras
coleguear	no coleguee
desacertar	desacertaréis
usar	usaras
denotar	denotaste
empapelar	empapelen
acalenturarse	acalenturándose
achicharrar	achicharrase
escarbar	escarbaré
desencantar	desencantas
tonificar	tonificáremos
rebosar	rebosaréis
segregar	segregué
llenarse	nos llenemos
acuñar	acuña
compartimentar	compartimentarían
relocalizar	relocalizasteis
escuchar	escucharíamos
reteñir	retiñáis
regionalizar	regionaliza
untar	untaba
ronzar	no ronce
mercerizar	mercerizases
despreciar	despreciasen
acojonarse	os acojonareis
perecear	pereceen
desmesurar	desmesurada
sistematizar	sistematices
morar	moraste
reunir	reunidas
poblar	poblando
paliar	paliamos
viciar	no vicies
abejear	abejearíais
intercalar	intercalado
triplicar	triplican
cincelar	cincelaba
destellar	destellemos
desunir	desunida
fardar	fardaba
sosegar	sosiegas
drenar	drenaban
mordisquear	no mordisqueemos
tarar	taremos
etiquetar	etiquetarías
desertificar	desertificarás
pervertir	pervierten
reintroducir	reintroduciríamos
ventear	ventearon
comentar	comentas
zurrar	zurrados
estregar	estregaba
desentrañar	desentraña
arrestar	arrestado
metaforizar	metaforizaron
oficializar	oficializareis
normar	normarías
apoderar	apoderaras
manejar	no manejes
retomar	no retomen
dilatar	dilaté
fecundizar	fecundizabas
asquear	asquearíais
cotejar	no coteje
desarbolar	desarbolasteis
ventilar	ventilemos
abejear	abejeen
distribuir	no distribuyan
aporrear	aporreen
arruar	arruaríais
embullar	embullara
pergeñar	no pergeñen
asesorar	asesoraba
desrabotar	desrabotaría
derrocar	derrocarais
acercar	acercases
payasear	payaseéis
ringar	ringaren
sindicar	sindicarían
estirar	estiráramos
disolver	disuelvan
sancionar	sancionada
sobar	sobasteis
acallar	acallemos
encumbrar	encumbremos
contravenir	no contravengas
dirigir	dirigirá
erosionar	erosionares
ejecutar	ejecutado
usurpar	usurpaban
destrepar	destrepen
empotrar	empotraron
llegar	llegue
loquear	no loquees
sincopar	sincopando
sobrentender	sobrentendiere
gustar	gustabais
cincelar	cincelasen
consagrar	consagrabais
minusvalorar	minusvalorará
alisar	alisaréis
descomedir	descomediría
becar	becad
educar	educaría
transar	transen
reusar	reusaremos
irradiar	irradiaremos
bifurcar	bifurcarais
ambientar	ambientan
recentralizar	recentralizares
aislar	aislarán
reorganizar	reorganizaren
permitirse	me permitía
acalenturarse	se acalenturaren
acorrer	acorriendo
simpatizar	simpatizaron
suicidarse	se suicidará
excusar	excusadas
concientizar	concientizabas
disfamar	disfamares
subvenir	subvinimos
glotonear	glotonearé
acampanar	acampane
procesar	procesaríamos
sofocar	sofocarais
corromper	corrompiéremos
rajar	rajamos
aliar	aliéis
retrasar	retrasa
atascar	atascara
preceder	precedieren
desajustar	desajustada
regenerar	regeneramos
abismarse	me abismaría
torturar	torturabais
apelar	apelabas
heder	heded
lloriquear	lloriquearía
ventosear	ventosearían
emperrar	emperrad
pormenorizar	pormenorizar
vivificar	vivificaremos
destensar	destensaran
eluir	eluyeran
galguear	galguearía
viralizar	viraliza
fugarse	me fugué
asquear	asqueará
cebar	no cebéis
investigar	investigan
ficcionar	ficcionamos
asolear	asolead
abochornarse	abochornados
guayar	guayan
dietar	dietare
corresponsabilizar	corresponsabilizarás
aquejar	aquejaría
rapiñar	rapiñáremos
determinar	determinas
reconsiderar	no reconsideren
urbanizar	urbanizare
masculinizar	masculinizáis
fumar	fumados
meditar	no medites
oscurecer	oscureciendo
acumularse	os acumularíais
chulear	chuleé
abismarse	me abismare
orillar	orillar
acostarse	se acostaría
descubrir	descubrieses
contender	contendamos
rociar	rociará
silenciar	silencien
exorcizar	exorcizasen
replantear	replantees
preconcebir	preconcebiré
apalear	no apalee
convenir	convendrán
rebautizar	rebautizare
recomponer	recompondremos
aprovisionar	aprovisionase
reencantar	reencantamos
prestigiar	prestigiamos
enfebrecer	enfebreciereis
comisquear	comisqueare
galopar	galopáramos
rehabilitar	rehabilitáremos
anestesiar	anestesiaría
digerir	digerimos
podar	podarían
cachimbear	cachimbeareis
abatanar	abatanaste
canalizar	canalizaran
titilar	titilase
acicatear	acicateéis
deshidratar	deshidratada
desvivirse	os desviváis
reencauzar	reencauzáramos
podar	podará
monitorear	monitoreábamos
crispar	crispares
personificar	personificaríamos
traer	no traigamos
temperar	temperábamos
cintilar	cintilan
excavar	excavará
certificar	certifique
desprestigiar	desprestigiasen
contrahacer	no contrahagamos
distorsionar	distorsione
relajar	relajaríamos
desembarcar	desembarcáis
conchabar	conchabábamos
desaconsejar	desaconsejen
deportar	deporten
calmar	no calme
clonar	clonara
afrentar	afrentemos
blocar	blocare
sitiar	no sities
restaurar	restauramos
tramar	trame
improvisar	no improvise
asturianizar	asturianizaras
distar	distad
subsumir	subsumiera
disolver	disolváis
apabullar	apabullaba
trasportar	trasportare
crotorear	crotoreare
derrumbar	derrumbasteis
alegrarse	nos alegrásemos
agolparse	me agolpo
invocar	invocáremos
metaforizar	no metaforice
sancochar	sancocha
estarcir	estarzan
apaciguarse	apacígüese
clamar	clama
repantingarse	repantínguese
imputar	imputan
banalizar	banalizaran
bastar	bastarías
asfaltar	asfaltados
acostumbrar	acostumbraríais
enflacar	enflaca
repostar	repostado
fallar	fallaba
acensar	acensaría
variar	varíe
lesionar	lesionara
encolerizar	encolerizásemos
atusar	atuse
retitular	retitularéis
disfamar	disfamen
fardar	fardaran
obstruir	obstruisteis
escarpar	escarpara
ahuyentar	ahuyente
acreditar	no acredites
acidular	acidule
rotular	rotula
custodiar	custodiases
embromar	embromad
comulgar	comulgadas
camelar	camelarás
rapiñar	rapiñáramos
escarbar	escarbasteis
galopar	galopé
balar	balara
caricaturizar	caricaturizarían
coordinar	coordinásemos
exterminar	no exterminen
artillar	artillase
mediatizar	mediatizáis
rolar	no role
desparpajar	desparpajaré
mordisquear	mordisqueé
desengañar	desengañaren
amenazar	amenacen
revalorizar	revaloricen
ensuciar	ensucia
intubar	no intuben
aculturar	aculturará
encausar	encausado
casar	casarán
despotricar	despotricareis
desolar	desolarían
fajar	faja
reequilibrar	reequilibrasen
materializar	materializaréis
sorber	sorberemos
serpentear	serpenteaba
idealizar	idealizases
babear	babeara
rejuvenecer	rejuvenecíamos
felicitar	felicitabas
albergar	no alberguéis
enjuagar	enjuagadas
desnatar	desnatabais
cerner	cernimos
achocolatar	achocolatamos
dejar	no se deje
molinar	molinamos
defraudar	defraudaremos
envejecerse	envejeciéndose
reenviar	reenvié
cortejar	cortejada
desvivirse	desvivíos
ulcerar	ulceren
petear	peteen
dignificar	dignificaría
solidarizar	solidarizarían
finiquitar	finiquitara
socorrer	socorristeis
emprender	emprendiéramos
honorar	honorases
sabotear	sabotearéis
aconsejar	aconsejaríais
trasoír	trasoyéremos
desbarrancar	desbarranquen
horrorizar	horrorices
confiscar	confiscada
acoplar	acoplamos
importar	importadas
reinventar	reinventaría
lloriquear	lloriquearemos
turbar	turbaríamos
redecir	redijeran
historiar	historío
guisar	guisábamos
rastrear	rastread
estremecer	estremecería
sindicar	sindicadas
retocar	retocaréis
afirmar	afirmarías
temer	temieren
legar	legaré
sensibilizar	sensibiliza
abotonarse	me abotonaba
descarriar	descarriabais
cebar	cebáis
pararse	se pararon
comadrear	comadreáremos
ensortijar	ensortijabais
laburar	laburabas
sufrir	sufriréis
corretear	correteara
confesar	confesaras
consonar	consonaríais
enemistar	enemiste
cautelar	cauteláis
abarcar	abarcaste
colorir	coloriríamos
filmar	filmaban
trasuntar	trasuntó
acurrucarse	nos acurruquemos
abotonar	abotonaren
preguntarse	te preguntases
trasmitir	trasmitamos
tipologizar	tipologizabais
chichar	chichada
instrumentar	instrumentares
lloviznar	lloviznasteis
embocar	no emboquen
enmudecer	no enmudezcas
suministrar	suministrase
hormigonar	hormigonásemos
medicar	medicarás
pilotear	piloteaba
injuriar	injuriaría
fulgurar	fulgurásemos
irradiar	irradió
relajar	relajare
escatimar	escatiman
alhajar	no alhajemos
allegar	allegue
ruralizar	ruralizaremos
interdecir	interdijera
azufrar	azufren
pensionar	pensione
selfiar	selfiaríais
aclimatar	aclimatando
sistematizar	sistematizabais
tornar	tornarás
fermentar	fermentadas
realimentar	realimentéis
pauperizar	pauperizare
aparcar	aparcaremos
defoliar	defoliarais
afrentar	afrentamos
felicitar	felicitaría
trufar	trufase
marear	mareará
distar	distaba
ventosear	ventosea
ablacionar	ablacione
ilusionar	ilusionemos
lacerar	laceró
regresar	regresaras
generar	generaba
viabilizar	viabilizo
verticalizar	verticalizados
viabilizar	viabilizaste
subvertir	subvirtiereis
churruscar	churruscaré
resarcir	resarzan
orbitar	no orbiten
atorar	atoraras
reencauzar	reencauce
refrigerar	refrigerareis
multiplicar	multipliquemos
prologar	prologó
embanderar	embanderan
laxar	laxaría
acarrear	acarreaseis
rebuscar	no rebusque
añadir	añadiera
halagar	halagara
desmalezar	desmalezábamos
promover	promovíamos
amarse	te amabas
colmar	colmábamos
rediseñar	rediseñando
abundar	abundaríais
anquilosar	anquilosemos
descuidar	descuidaríamos
acantilar	acantilara
florear	florearemos
heñir	hiñas
alardear	alardearía
romancear	romanceando
trapichear	trapicheabais
botanizar	no botanicen
abaratar	abaratarais
marinar	marinara
vivir	vive
extraer	no extraigamos
encuerar	encueraban
expugnar	expugne
carburar	carburábamos
reintroducir	reintroduzcan
pivotear	pivoteadas
recolocar	recoloquéis
descontratar	descontratabas
hormigonar	hormigonen
elidir	elidierais
anestesiar	anestesiaron
atenuar	atenuaseis
imponer	impusiereis
incluir	incluyere
atinar	atinaríamos
equilibrar	equilibréis
arremeter	arremetieseis
gozar	gozase
blocar	blocabas
curvar	curváis
repintar	repintado
tranquilizar	tranquilizarás
obstruir	obstruimos
desencriptar	desencriptando
independizarse	se independizase
mancomunar	mancomunaría
concurrir	no concurra
cloroformizar	cloroformiza
deprimir	deprimiéramos
pedalear	pedaleasen
chispear	chispeare
salpresar	salpresabais
surtir	surtiesen
confeccionar	confeccionaras
desacostumbrar	desacostumbrare
apaciguar	apaciguara
arreglar	arreglarás
codificar	codificada
baremar	barema
inflar	inflen
traer	trajereis
abanderizar	no abanderices
obscurecer	obscureciesen
menstruar	menstruando
deshacer	desharéis
encuadernar	encuadernabas
vedar	vedaríais
insidiar	insidiasteis
infantilizar	infantilizamos
culpar	culparán
unir	unieses
medrar	medraría
mercadear	mercadearíais
regresar	regresaseis
banalizar	banalizarían
electrificar	electrifiques
oponer	opongamos
manejar	manejarían
pleitear	pleitearía
diplomar	diplomarás
desabrochar	desabrocha
finir	no finan
descomedir	descomedirás
revertir	revirtieron
impostar	impostaba
premiar	premiásemos
desleír	desliere
retrasar	retrasasteis
rememorar	rememorares
desdeñar	desdeñáis
codirigir	codirigíamos
prostituir	prostituyeses
potencializar	potencialicen
aliviar	alivien
triplicar	triplicaría
torcerse	me torceré
zanganear	zanganeare
celar	celasen
efundir	efundiendo
transbordar	transbordando
descartar	descartaría
saltear	saltearía
universalizar	universalicemos
jaquir	jacan
crispar	no crispéis
cañonear	cañoneasen
aferrar	afierra
acumular	acumulara
elogiar	elogia
encular	encular
quebrantar	no quebranten
extrañar	extrañaren
enredar	enredare
inhalar	inhalaremos
regoldar	regüeldo
fruncir	fruncimos
empalmarse	empalmaras
añadir	añadíamos
escuadronar	escuadronaría
secuestrar	secuestrada
obviar	obviaréis
encontrar	encontrará
irrumpir	irrumpiéramos
conformar	conformarán
abuchear	abuchearé
desenclavar	desenclavaren
bizquear	bizqueemos
atribuir	atribuirían
opinar	opinad
acondicionar	acondicionasteis
desengañar	desengaña
defenestrar	defenestrarías
demeritar	demeritaba
jubilar	jubila
escuchar	escucharas
retrucar	retrucabas
maniatar	maniatase
expatriar	expatriaré
ambientar	ambiente
suavizar	suavicé
sincopar	no sincopemos
puentear	puenteéis
perecear	pereceaseis
rechistar	rechistaras
tramar	tramé
radiografiar	radiografiara
zanganear	zanganeara
trepidar	trepidasen
contraponer	contrapongamos
planchar	planchares
ultimar	ultimé
abundar	abundará
rastrear	no rastrees
abonar	abonemos
vindicar	vindiquemos
acopiar	acopiaran
flexionar	flexionara
rellenar	rellenaras
engrosar	engrosaría
regionalizar	regionalicen
estafar	estafó
surfear	surfeabais
adentrar	adentrasen
replantear	replanteareis
pochar	pochabais
concadenar	concadenaba
hormiguear	hormigueabas
reconstituir	reconstituyereis
sucitar	sucitarían
refundar	refundamos
reconfortar	reconfortara
fruncir	frunciéremos
subvencionar	subvencionados
divertir	divertías
detentar	detentéis
anarquizar	anarquizareis
entumecer	entumecerán
vivaquear	vivaqueabais
agolparse	me agolpe
invalidar	invalidabas
atufar	atufasteis
disculpar	disculpado
fanatizar	fanatizaréis
desembolsillar	desembolsilla
divertirse	me divierto
urbanizar	urbanizásemos
depender	dependiendo
avellanar	avellanaremos
mopear	no mopees
reverberar	reverberara
precocinar	precocinasteis
vagabundear	vagabundee
mazar	mazáis
soportar	soportareis
redescubrir	redescubran
signar	no signen
guionar	guionaría
derruir	derruyas
ahincar	ahincaren
escenografiar	escenografiaste
detentar	detentó
petrificar	petrificaríais
malversar	malversase
limpiarse	me limpie
toldar	toldaren
oficiar	no oficiemos
aumentar	aumentó
reservar	reservéis
alejar	alejáramos
enranciar	enranciabas
mortificar	mortificáramos
extrañar	extrañes
aliar	aliaba
absorber	absorberán
doler	dolemos
malgastar	malgastáis
metaforizar	no metaforicéis
desenmarañar	desenmarañaría
descontrolar	descontrolamos
demonizar	demonizaremos
provenir	no provengamos
machar	macharan
golosear	no goloseemos
explayar	explayes
divorciarse	nos divorciáramos
interpolar	interpolan
desprecintar	desprecinte
sumir	sumía
motivar	motiváremos
desnudar	desnudadas
dictar	dictéis
repescar	repesca
barruntar	barruntara
desangrar	desangre
destituir	destituisteis
remendar	remendaseis
desestimar	desestimamos
competer	competiesen
reabastecer	reabastecía
gatillar	gatillemos
bascular	basculásemos
martirizar	martirizados
sospechar	sospecha
sustentar	sustentarías
destetar	destetares
reinscribir	reinscribiremos
relevar	relevaren
aerar	aeráremos
destorcer	no destorzamos
desenchufar	no desenchufe
entreoír	entreoyésemos
copular	copuláremos
militarizar	militarizas
mimeografiar	mimeografiad
decebir	decebidos
vitorear	vitorearíamos
equivocar	equivocamos
desparasitar	desparasitara
enredar	enredado
banquetear	banquetearíais
desconocer	no desconozcas
percibir	percibidos
almendrar	almendrando
penetrar	penetramos
adujar	adujaste
inmutar	inmutado
esgrimir	esgrimiste
gotear	gotee
trasnochar	trasnocharíamos
arrullar	arrullaseis
señalizar	señalizaría
topar	toparíais
dibujar	dibujaríamos
despezar	no despieces
abastionar	abastionabas
homogeneizar	homogeneizaríamos
enloquecer	enloquecer
revalorar	revalorará
procurarse	me procuraría
lograr	lograre
abanicar	abanicase
morder	mordimos
sanitizar	sanitizasen
fumar	fumaseis
copiar	copiábamos
jaspear	jaspeen
transpirar	transpiraré
acalorarse	no se acalore
azulejar	no azulejéis
fulgir	fulja
fijarse	fijaos
comentar	comenté
matonear	matoneabas
abejear	abejearen
exculpar	no exculpéis
amalgamar	amalgamábamos
mostrar	mostremos
convergir	convergisteis
amansar	amansar
enfurecer	enfurecido
mendigar	mendiguen
nombrar	nombráremos
remarcar	remarcareis
enlistar	enlistes
embellecer	embellecieran
constreñir	constriñera
guerrear	guerrearen
tropezar	tropezaríais
balotar	balotas
enrarecer	enrarecieres
rubricar	rubricarás
desprecintar	desprecintáis
embestir	no embistamos
acensar	acense
lisiar	lisiasen
recaer	recaeré
curvar	curve
achatar	achaté
amasijar	amasijaren
pajaronear	pajaronear
escamotear	escamoteases
labrar	labráramos
desturcar	desturcaremos
desjudicializar	desjudicializará
patrimonializar	patrimonializaríamos
repeler	repeliésemos
engatusar	engatusaríamos
robustecer	robustecería
deprecar	no depreques
propulsar	propulsaba
freír	no friais
remachar	remacháis
aviar	avío
autoevacuarse	me autoevacuaré
deslenguarse	nos deslenguásemos
despechar	despechemos
desenvainar	desenvainando
reconcomer	reconcomiste
renombrar	renombremos
desencontrarse	te desencuentres
desactivar	desactivarás
principiar	principiasen
reaprender	reaprenderéis
confeccionar	confeccionen
denegar	denieguen
gravitar	gravitara
obrar	obraran
petrificar	petrificamos
transustanciar	transustanciemos
divorciar	divorciarais
emborrachar	emborrachamos
animalizar	animalice
inquietar	inquietabas
mercar	merqué
escarchar	escarchen
autocremarse	no os autocreméis
cotizar	no coticéis
coger	cojo
sodomizar	sodomice
desmelenar	desmelenare
inaugurar	inauguraste
agudizar	agudizara
leudar	leudare
ovular	ovularía
reequilibrar	reequilibráramos
reproducirse	te reproduzcas
banderillear	banderilleados
relinchar	relinchaste
ajustar	ajustaríamos
descabalgar	no descabalguéis
enfangar	enfangasen
geminar	geminen
desconfiar	desconfiara
incidir	incidieses
viciar	no viciemos
porfiar	porfiáis
resumir	resumir
abjurar	abjurasteis
encular	encules
desenterrar	desentierres
flechar	flechase
infestar	infestaren
regatear	regateando
externalizar	externalizar
transplantar	transplantáramos
subsidiar	subsidies
subordinar	subordinabais
condonar	condonéis
florear	floreareis
casarse	no te cases
aneblar	aneblare
iniciar	iniciaré
bramar	bramábamos
rehilar	rehilarais
pespuntar	pespuntará
desenmascarar	desenmascaraste
vosear	vosee
subvertir	no subviertas
igualar	igualemos
europeizar	europeizar
disfrazar	disfrazaban
transcurrir	transcurrieren
abusar	abusásemos
denostar	denostaren
deformar	deformados
rojear	rojee
adarvar	adarvaba
estancarse	te estanques
chotear	no choteemos
embelesar	no embeleséis
suavizar	suavizaría
artillar	artillaba
licuar	licuemos
esclavizar	esclavizada
abombar	abombé
codificar	codificare
desplazar	desplazara
traslapar	traslapabais
gotear	gotease
suceder	sucediera
achinar	achinaremos
mirar	mire
habitar	habitaron
desahogar	desahoguéis
alistar	alistaseis
abolir	no aboláis
imprecar	imprecasteis
asar	asaren
festejar	festejase
olisquear	olisquearás
copatrocinar	copatrocinabais
inculpar	inculpare
fervorizar	fervorizarían
naturalizar	no naturalicemos
sobar	sobes
interconectar	interconectaba
enlucir	enluciría
reflexionar	reflexionarás
flotar	flotáis
retitular	retitulan
asear	asear
lubrificar	lubrificases
relevar	relevase
prefijar	prefijáramos
resolver	resueltas
bostezar	bostece
empinar	empinaseis
abobar	no abobes
compincharse	te compinches
efectuar	efectuarías
fondear	fondeare
traspapelar	traspapele
redensificar	no redensifiquéis
delinquir	delinquid
reflejar	reflejase
acostumbrar	acostumbremos
esponjar	esponjaba
disfrazar	disfracemos
tensionar	tensionaran
desprecintar	desprecintase
congratular	congratulábamos
embutir	embutiremos
chulear	chulee
fincar	finquemos
transar	transare
procurarse	nos procuráremos
desaprovechar	desaprovecharan
permitir	permitidas
presurizar	presurizaba
aprovechar	aprovecharías
deconstruir	deconstruye
sesionar	sesionabas
coronar	coronare
fumigar	fumiguen
emponzoñar	emponzoñado
afanarse	no os afanéis
reprimir	reprimía
berrear	berrea
inaugurar	inauguraba
permutar	permutarán
ensopar	ensopáramos
desheredar	desheredéis
gloriar	gloriaba
acañonear	acañoneabas
abuchear	abucheaseis
mantear	no mantees
fragmentar	fragmente
gerenciar	gerenciará
tontear	tonteara
simplificar	simplificadas
rotular	rotuléis
recocinar	no recocinen
desinfectar	desinfectáramos
fintar	fintasen
fervorizar	fervorizaseis
amaestrar	amaestraran
reinvertir	reinvirtierais
rehusar	rehúsen
demonizar	demonizabas
sistematizar	sistematice
saponificar	saponificara
salir	saldríais
ventosear	ventoseéis
ofender	ofenderé
arrobar	no arrobéis
limar	limaban
transformar	transformaren
embutir	embutas
dedicarse	os dedicaríais
elucubrar	elucubré
deferir	defiere
clorinar	clorinábamos
ronronear	ronroneáramos
desenredar	desenredarían
polarizar	polarizas
delimitar	delimite
estigmatizar	estigmatizada
soportar	soportabais
encontrar	encontráis
curtir	curtan
silabear	silabease
quitar	quitarais
indicar	indican
aponer	apusieseis
chismorrear	chismorrearan
zabordar	zabordáis
reabrir	reabrían
centrar	centráis
atornillar	atornillemos
constreñir	constreñís
estandarizar	no estandaricemos
ensombrecer	ensombrecerían
datar	datarías
atemperar	atemperamos
irrumpir	irrumpiesen
digerir	digeriremos
inspirar	inspirara
pesquisar	pesquiso
cloroformizar	cloroformizase
valorizar	valorizados
igualar	igualarían
permutar	no permutemos
petrificar	petrificaban
encestar	encesten
cuitar	cuitaren
desinstalar	desinstale
cotizar	cotizaréis
rubricar	rubrique
contactar	contactaréis
revesar	revesaran
movilizar	moviliza
vidriar	vidriáramos
atribuir	atribuyese
reactivar	reactiváramos
apanar	apana
sopar	no sopéis
desmarimbar	desmarimbases
desguarnecer	desguarnecisteis
monitorear	monitoreando
tincar	no tinques
graficar	graficase
familiarizar	familiarizáremos
visitar	visitaríamos
trasportar	trasportemos
renunciar	renuncien
volar	vuelen
donar	donasteis
hincar	hincarían
alborozar	alborozaría
asegurar	asegurarais
consagrar	consagrases
mondar	mondaran
piratear	pirateases
amparar	amparábamos
desvivirse	me desviva
inscribir	inscribiese
desenredar	desenredarais
alcanforar	alcanforabas
asegurar	aseguraría
ciar	ciaron
autocremarse	autocremarse
ataviar	ataviamos
guerrear	guerree
atenerse	te atendrás
fulminar	fulmináramos
censar	censado
macharse	se machará
descorchar	descorcharé
desanudar	desanudaríamos
chamuscar	no chamusque
castellanizar	castellanicen
chisporrotear	chisporroteará
deshonrar	deshonrases
atorgar	no atorgue
errar	yerre
conceder	concedéis
radicalizarse	radicalizada
descongelar	no descongelemos
obsesionar	obsesionadas
realizar	realizan
laudar	laudábamos
refulgir	refulgiésemos
prevenir	prevenidos
gafar	gafases
descoyuntar	descoyuntase
impugnar	impugna
peinarse	peínense
desempolvar	desempolvemos
disonar	disonaba
satisfacer	satisfacía
alunizar	no alunice
reinstaurar	reinstauré
anhelar	no anhelemos
desinhibir	desinhibiendo
paliar	paliare
ulcerar	ulceremos
flanquear	flanquearíamos
ampollar	ampollase
engañar	engañen
alabear	alabeen
agasajar	agasaje
controvertir	controvirtiese
autoevacuarse	te autoevacuabas
orar	oro
sonrojar	sonrojen
pronunciar	pronuncié
atravesar	atravesabas
subordinar	subordinemos
arbitrar	arbitrares
efectuar	efectuarás
enunciar	enuncian
lisiar	lisiarían
recabar	recabe
crucificar	crucificáramos
enmudecer	enmudecí
antojar	antojáis
chorear	choree
comparar	comparar
exulcerar	no exulceren
bufar	bufadas
erotizar	erotizarais
hender	hendía
veranear	veranearon
depilar	depilar
espesar	espesarías
chorear	chorearían
carretear	no carreteéis
abarloar	no abarloes
concretizar	no concretices
curar	curando
recabar	recabáramos
refanfinflar	refanfinflares
vidriar	vidriaseis
legalizar	legalizare
expropiar	expropiara
mapear	mapear
contar	contad
apuntar	apuntadas
descabellar	no descabelléis
desafinar	desafinado
morigerar	morigeremos
disfrutar	disfrutaseis
mimir	mimo
fugarse	se fugara
punzar	punzareis
dignarse	me dignara
impetrar	impetrados
potencializar	potencializando
espabilarse	se espabilarían
narcotizar	narcotizará
expugnar	expugnemos
destituir	destituyese
abundar	abundas
ordeñar	ordeñamos
nidificar	nidificad
incendiar	incendiados
engallarse	se engalló
soler	suele
sesgar	sesgaréis
coser	cosiere
manducar	manducare
esmerarse	se esmeraron
esparcir	esparcidas
prohibir	prohibías
repensar	repensamos
enlentecer	enlentecieren
engendrar	engendrando
guillotinar	no guillotine
entresacar	entresaque
disimular	disimulases
abrevar	abrevaría
intrincar	intrincan
palpar	palpen
espumar	espumaras
desarraigar	desarraiguemos
gorronear	gorronearán
camelar	camelare
encerar	enceradas
profesar	profesarían
comandar	comandaste
retrotraer	retrotrajeran
apisonar	apisonéis
galopar	galopéis
concatenar	no concatenes
estandarizar	estandarizarais
dramatizar	dramatizáremos
desacertar	no desacertemos
engrasar	engrasaré
justificar	justificaría
abogar	abogasteis
enraizar	enraizáremos
macerar	maceráremos
tonsurar	tonsurarías
horrorizar	no horroricemos
pulsar	pulsarías
reprobar	reprueban
complacer	complaceríais
vaticinar	vaticinaremos
rebajar	rebajara
conexionar	conexioné
enlazar	enlazasen
divertir	divirtáis
recompensar	recompensé
equivocarse	os equivocarais
vomitar	vomitáis
despojar	despojaba
centrifugar	centrifugaste
dibujarse	me dibujaría
mediar	mediaba
esleír	no eslían
cepillar	cepillamos
gafar	no gafemos
desbloquear	desbloqueare
apuntillar	apuntillaremos
restringir	restringieran
sobreestimular	sobreestimularon
acaparar	no acaparemos
derrochar	derrochasen
sostener	sostenían
relacionar	relacionando
puntear	puntearon
jaquir	jaquiéramos
mullir	mullésemos
perfumar	perfumaría
gratinar	gratináramos
rastrillar	no rastrilles
fascinar	fascináis
admitir	admitidas
sedar	sedáremos
agusanar	agusane
paginar	paginare
diseñar	diseñemos
engallarse	no te engalles
concluir	concluyéramos
elaborar	elaboraba
fermentar	no fermente
cilindrar	cilindrábamos
reabastecer	reabasteciesen
desazonar	desazonen
acaparar	acaparad
estafar	estafa
reponer	reponen
ruralizar	ruralizase
enmudecer	enmudeciere
arrastrar	arrastrados
abotargarse	me abotargara
delirar	deliraba
desembocar	no desemboques
convergir	convergimos
sumar	sumaríais
irrumpir	irrumpiese
fragilizar	fragilizase
mimeografiar	mimeografiaras
tabletear	tableteaste
conjuntar	conjuntados
revolver	revuelva
meditar	meditad
pedir	pediré
homogeneizar	homogeneizarías
retener	retuviésemos
gatear	gateas
remolonear	remoloneásemos
orquestar	orquestara
mimar	mimarían
zarandear	zarandearíamos
distanciar	distanciasen
glorificar	glorifiquéis
desahogar	desahogad
marchar	marcharais
prometer	prometiese
tronar	truenen
abuñolar	abuñolaremos
retipificar	retipificaste
resguardarse	resguardémonos
mermar	mermarán
montar	montando
engalanar	engalanaba
desvanecer	desvaneciese
horadar	horadáis
promover	promoviese
significar	significáremos
descarbonatar	descarbonatareis
subsistir	subsistidas
arrodillar	te arrodilles
gestionar	no gestione
alegrarse	os alegraríais
expropiar	expropiar
fusilar	fusila
congeniar	congeniaré
deshabilitar	deshabilitara
anestesiar	anestesie
retirarse	se retiraron
radicalizar	radicalizad
encubrir	encubrieran
añorar	añorará
planificar	planificaríais
decolar	decolad
defraudar	defraudo
achacar	achacar
transustanciar	transustanciara
acuantiar	acuantiasen
guiñar	guiñaré
doblarse	se doblare
lacerar	laceráramos
corroer	corroyere
arrestar	arreste
hibernar	hibernado
tensionar	tensionaba
tergiversar	tergiversa
cohabitar	cohabitaré
angustiar	angustiabas
ratear	ratearían
farfullar	no farfullemos
horadar	horadar
atracar	atraco
chingar	chingase
embalsar	embalsares
carraspear	carraspead
rescindir	rescindiera
despilfarrar	despilfarraras
sintonizar	sintonizábamos
fildear	fildeaba
reflexionar	reflexionara
gravitar	gravita
cuartear	cuarteemos
grafitear	grafitearás
fantasear	fantasean
parcelar	parcelaban
dominar	domine
coproducir	coproducir
optar	optas
fagocitar	fagocitase
diferir	difiriere
trapalear	trapaleáremos
disipar	no disipes
halagar	halagáremos
acolchonar	acolchonemos
dominar	dominaste
segregar	segregamos
potencializar	potencializamos
incapacitar	incapacite
preestablecer	preestableciere
descoser	descosiere
desabejar	desabejareis
automutilarse	se automutilara
piquetear	piqueteo
zancajear	zancajeases
amargar	amargaría
parecer	parecerás
eligir	elijan
acotolar	acotolaren
enarbolar	enarbolan
mover	no mueva
abocar	abocáremos
encuerar	encuerabais
descarriar	descarriarais
flaquear	flaquead
contorsionar	contorsionabas
desperezarse	me desperezara
entrever	entreveía
atufar	atufadas
balsear	balseasen
divinar	divinada
compartir	no compartamos
desideologizar	no desideologicemos
fraccionar	fraccionen
acudir	acudiríais
producir	produjereis
garantizar	garantizáramos
tronar	tronabas
yacer	yacieras
rapear	rapees
desnutrir	desnutrían
jurar	juren
pararse	nos parásemos
copresidir	copresidiese
regobernar	regobernare
desacoplar	desacoplaba
atardecer	atardecí
prologar	prologarías
pirar	pirare
proyectar	proyectasteis
zambullir	zambullirás
incomunicar	incomunica
acurrucar	acurrucáremos
exterminar	exterminabais
legar	legan
devaluar	devaluasen
embadurnar	embadurnaban
lamber	no lamban
remar	remaba
entronizar	entronices
aberrar	aberraren
asquear	asqueados
espigar	espiga
concentrar	concentremos
embetunar	embetunemos
monitorear	monitoreareis
jeringar	jeringase
barruntar	no barrunten
exagerar	exagere
intuir	intuye
indemnizar	indemnizara
relinchar	relinchásemos
adular	adulen
enamorarse	os enamoréis
definir	defino
desequilibrar	desequilibra
contusionar	contusionase
ensordecer	ensordecemos
propinar	propinare
enterrar	enterrarás
posponer	pospusieseis
compungir	compungiéremos
crispar	crispemos
rendir	rindieran
abrevar	abrevábamos
mirar	miraste
maullar	maullaría
barbar	barbaré
relucir	reluzcan
romantizar	romantizasen
hostigar	hostigasteis
molestar	molesta
cucharear	cuchareaseis
contribuir	contribuyo
solear	soleéis
reblandecer	reblandeciese
flexionar	flexionadas
ramificar	ramifiquemos
masturbarse	masturbadas
robustecer	robusteciera
desatascar	desatascaran
alternar	alternase
ahormar	ahormaseis
descolgar	descolgaría
sedimentar	sedimentase
acordarse	se acordasen
descargar	descargo
notar	notase
reciprocar	reciprocaba
minusvalorar	minusvaloró
opositar	opositaba
divergir	no diverja
impugnar	impugnaréis
indiciar	no indiciéis
empalmarse	empalmaren
hostilizar	hostilizareis
crotorear	crotoreásemos
ficar	fiquemos
esfumar	esfumaré
arrebolar	arrebolarais
aventar	aventase
densificar	densificaba
pinchar	pinchásemos
contonear	contonease
aterirse	se ateren
cometer	cometieras
mercadear	mercadeada
maquillarse	me maquillaré
desmantelar	desmantelen
embrutecer	no embrutezcamos
filtrar	filtraba
murar	muráremos
desembarcar	desembarque
centellar	centellase
desvariar	desvarie
mimetizar	mimetizaba
topear	no topeemos
autoevacuarse	me autoevacúe
perjudicar	perjudicaba
momificar	momificaría
intensificar	intensifico
desmigar	desmigase
enfermarse	nos enfermamos
consolidar	consolidaseis
desandar	desanduvierais
cocinar	cocináremos
destrepar	destrepemos
enfrentar	enfrentase
corregir	corregido
cocinar	cocinase
vidriar	no vidriéis
artillar	artilléis
empapar	empapen
alborotar	alborotasteis
espantar	espantaría
anexar	anexadas
condolerse	condolido
despeñarse	os despeñaseis
coaligar	coaligaran
vivar	vivase
mercerizar	mercericéis
cloquear	cloqueabais
remar	remáramos
recombinar	no recombines
interaccionar	interaccionaste
descontratar	descontrata
desabotonar	desabotonado
repulsar	repulsara
menar	menarais
reproducirse	nos reproducimos
deleitar	deleitaran
detenerse	no os detengáis
exprimir	exprimido
autofinanciarse	se autofinanciará
rimar	rimó
sobreactuar	sobreactúes
proscribir	proscribiría
jerarquizar	jerarquizaren
andar	anduvieses
vivificar	vivificaba
rifar	rife
laborar	laboraríamos
descortezar	no descortecéis
redibujar	redibujaríamos
jalonar	jalonó
titrar	titrareis
pochear	pocheabas
excoriar	excoriemos
saltear	salteadas
sobrerreaccionar	sobrerreaccionados
pescar	pescares
entenebrecer	no entenebrezca
enloquecer	enloquezca
equilibrar	no equilibre
contradecir	contradijera
retrucar	retrucásemos
propulsar	no propulse
perseguir	persiguierais
aquerenciarse	te aquerenciarías
consentir	consiente
independizarse	no nos independicemos
destrabar	no destrabéis
trajinar	trajinados
cerciorar	cercioraren
adamar	no adames
finiquitar	finiquité
dispararse	no te dispares
abrirse	se abrió
azadonar	azadona
sorprender	sorprendáis
delaminar	delaminaríais
desatascar	desatasques
balsear	balseasteis
fatigar	fatigabas
punzar	puncen
escampar	escampáis
chambear	chambeareis
aterrizar	aterriza
desconvocar	desconvocar
agrietar	agriete
corporizar	corporizabas
violar	violas
apacentar	apaciente
lucrar	lucrasteis
proliferar	proliferados
prostituir	prostituyereis
despintar	despintarían
intuir	intuiríamos
enguatar	enguatáremos
integrar	integrar
cavilar	cavilarais
desnacer	desnacerías
fiscalizar	fiscalizabas
dimensionar	dimensionáramos
ornar	ornadas
estatizar	estatizábamos
encasillar	encasillados
substraer	substrajesen
trocear	trocead
emparentar	emparienten
defenestrar	defenestremos
conmutar	conmutare
resituar	resitúan
lacear	laceabas
anticipar	anticipara
abotargarse	os abotargáis
embalar	embalareis
palear	palea
regocijar	regocijaba
reclinar	reclinemos
bifurcar	bifurque
variar	variamos
sesionar	sesionaba
convencer	convencerá
cobrar	cobráis
preconstituir	preconstituya
recargar	recargaré
reprogramar	reprogramaras
reprobar	repruebo
descontar	descontó
engrilletar	engrilletabais
participar	participamos
predecir	predicen
ventar	vienta
abuñolar	abuñolabais
amortizar	amorticemos
despilfarrar	despilfarres
acercar	acerca
tatuar	tatuaríamos
inhalar	inhalaron
religar	religa
sobrecargar	sobrecargarían
practicar	practicaseis
divisar	divisa
rezongar	rezongáis
procrear	procrearas
irrumpir	irrumpid
retroalimentar	retroalimentáis
amurallar	amurallaríamos
infundir	no infundas
obviar	obviarás
musir	nos musiéremos
colar	colará
entonar	entonasen
muestrear	muestreaseis
normar	normaría
mover	movimos
cabrahigar	cabrahigase
petear	petearais
tiranizar	tiranizabais
apodar	apodad
interdecir	interdijisteis
reconvertir	reconvirtiera
obtener	obtendrá
amoldar	amoldarais
externalizar	externalizaseis
alear	aleado
guillotinar	guillotinare
concretar	concretáramos
embarrar	embarrase
copetear	copetearía
enternecer	enternecen
pauperizar	pauperizamos
perorar	perorar
sobrecoger	sobrecoger
ruinar	ruinó
uniformizar	uniformizarían
descalzar	descalzarías
enlodar	enlodasen
europeizar	europeizando
oxidar	oxidaba
dedicarse	te dedicarías
catalogar	cataloguemos
gorronear	gorronearemos
wasapear	wasapearas
afeitar	afeite
garantizar	garanticemos
contar	contamos
encauzar	encauzaras
participar	participé
protagonizar	protagonice
abroncar	abronco
filmar	filmamos
escayolar	escayolé
empantanar	empantanaseis
transmutar	transmutaría
camuflar	camuflado
reusar	reusar
incapacitar	incapacitará
diagnosticar	diagnosticabais
marginalizar	marginalicen
considerar	consideraban
amnistiar	amnistiáis
insumir	insumirías
redibujar	redibujarías
aparentar	aparentarás
antedatar	antedataba
reemprender	reemprendí
nevar	nevemos
fusilar	fusilaríais
regenerar	regenerará
microscopiar	microscopiare
saltar	saltaré
orbitar	no orbitéis
patear	patease
abatatar	abatatare
estigmatizar	no estigmaticen
halar	no hales
reencarnar	reencarnaren
turnar	turnemos
debitar	debitaron
alumbrar	alumbrasen
baratar	baratara
galguear	galguearen
inhalar	inhala
represaliar	represaliara
argüir	argüiréis
causar	causarías
motorizar	motorizamos
procesar	procesé
afanar	afanaríamos
blindar	blindéis
rondar	no rondéis
redefinir	redefinidos
delegar	delegará
fascinar	fascinaría
enredar	enredaba
contravenir	contravinieres
elucubrar	elucubro
almendrar	almendraríamos
creer	creyeses
entregar	no entregues
atañer	atañéis
silenciar	silenciarán
mangonear	mangonee
triturar	trituramos
aliñar	aliñados
canalizar	canalizado
entintar	entinten
vocear	voceemos
perturbar	perturbado
fritar	fritaseis
abejear	abejeasteis
redimensionar	redimensionarías
confligir	confligieras
inhalar	inhalaste
distinguir	distinguirá
instruir	no instruyas
descontratar	descontrataren
sentir	sienta
sojuzgar	no sojuzguemos
confeccionar	confeccionaseis
abartarse	se abartaron
planchar	planchados
enraizar	enraizábamos
fiar	fiaremos
preludiar	preludiad
rayar	rayad
nivelar	nivelaríamos
mermar	mermar
sonorizar	sonorizasteis
ajardinar	ajardinen
fusilar	fusilaréis
periclitar	periclitaréis
adurir	aduriese
morir	murieron
patrullar	patrulléis
percutir	percutieran
incitar	incitarán
derrotar	derrotaréis
acorralar	acorralad
recobrar	recobrares
automutilarse	os automutiláis
arrear	arree
zambullir	no zambulla
engarzar	engarcen
acaparar	acaparábamos
ringar	ringue
creer	creeré
acanalar	acanale
metalizar	metalizaseis
heredar	herede
equivocar	equivocare
patrimonializar	patrimonializase
atajar	atajaban
desbocar	desboqué
bendecir	bendijeron
educar	educaba
minar	minaríais
disertar	disertaríais
investigar	investigaríamos
afanarse	afánese
uncir	uncirías
agredir	agrediría
vilipendiar	vilipendiáramos
contrabandear	contrabandeará
jorobar	jorobaría
rebelar	rebelarais
acercarse	se acercaren
corcovear	corcovease
horadar	horadaréis
deslocalizar	no deslocalices
apenar	apenaba
abigarrar	abigarrabas
vampirizar	vampirizaren
reivindicar	reivindicarais
repercutir	repercutís
arietar	arietareis
educir	eduzco
enfermar	no enferme
figurar	figurando
colocar	colocáramos
saciar	saciaríais
muletear	muletearía
desfilar	desfilaríais
practicar	practicarían
adeudar	adeudaron
egresar	egresaría
arrobar	no arrobemos
endomingarse	se endomingare
modernizar	modernizar
desosegar	desosegarían
destronar	destronabas
resaltar	resaltados
desagregar	desagregaríais
bocinar	bocinare
irradiar	irradiares
escaquearse	nos escaqueáremos
plasmar	plasmar
cepillarse	me cepillaría
sobrecalentar	sobrecalentara
encabritar	encabritada
autoeditar	autoeditábamos
acotolar	acotolare
derretir	derritiesen
incumplir	incumpliéremos
forzar	no fuercen
persistir	persistiréis
deambular	no deambulen
exportar	exportaríais
optimar	optimaras
encestar	encestáramos
fragmentar	no fragmentes
pesar	pesaren
espachurrar	espachurrase
aupar	aupará
sobrealimentar	sobrealimenten
cuadrar	cuadraba
vindicar	vindicase
cobrar	cobraste
bridar	bridando
denigrar	denigran
aquejar	aqueja
rendir	rendisteis
sobreseer	sobreseías
desgravar	desgravemos
retrogradar	retrogradado
impacientar	impacientamos
desacomodar	desacomodará
implosionar	implosionareis
mugir	mugiereis
reconocer	reconocéis
culminar	culminasteis
catalizar	catalizaba
escindir	escindían
extrañar	extrañáremos
segregar	segregamos
afeitarse	se afeitan
catear	catee
titrar	titra
rastrear	rastreábamos
colindar	colindases
disculpar	disculpe
limar	limó
reargüir	rearguyere
desparramar	desparramare
derretir	derretisteis
desmadrar	desmadraran
apilar	apilara
defecar	defecamos
esquematizar	esquematizará
trasgredir	trasgredieras
estereotipar	estereotiparían
concertar	concertaremos
colar	cuelo
pillar	pilló
humedecer	humedecisteis
releer	releyeses
firmar	firmas
desportillar	desportilladas
atorgar	atorgares
reconducir	no reconduzcáis
crotorar	no crotores
alegrarse	nos alegraríamos
embetunar	embetunaría
profetizar	profetiza
surtir	surtiere
sobrecalentar	sobrecalentaba
santiguar	santiguarán
granular	granulemos
retocar	no retoque
apapachar	apapachen
fortalecer	fortalezca
esclerosar	esclerosen
disfrutar	disfrutemos
deteriorar	deteriorando
recitar	recitáremos
malherir	malhieras
sucitar	sucitara
rezagar	rezagásemos
amenguar	amenguasen
raer	rayera
gloriar	gloriaban
señalar	señalábamos
cronificar	cronificaríamos
resultar	resultase
lindar	lindarán
menguar	menguarais
blasfemar	blasfemaba
increpar	increparé
contusionar	contusionaron
activar	activareis
aburrir	aburrieras
ovillar	no ovillen
cautelar	cautelasen
ciar	ciaran
picar	picado
achinar	achinemos
reprochar	reprochada
zapear	zapear
pavonearse	me pavoneo
mantener	mantengamos
encular	enculad
resguardar	resguardad
expulsar	expulsarais
patentar	no patentemos
clasificarse	clasificadas
centrifugar	centrifugue
prepintar	prepintaran
vengar	vengara
extender	extenderíais
lamber	lambiera
mecanizar	mecanizase
espachurrar	espachurras
zombificar	no zombifique
asaltar	asaltaré
retornar	retorne
engrandecer	engrandeciste
decomisar	decomisarían
esquematizar	esquematizarais
agrisar	agrisada
mezclar	mezclará
concebir	concibieren
dinamizar	dinamizada
dejar	te dejases
injuriar	injuriara
desparramar	desparramarían
enorgullecer	no enorgullezcan
desobstruir	desobstruimos
subdividir	subdividió
ulular	ulularán
fosilizarse	se fosilizaran
rehusar	rehusáramos
latinar	no latinéis
centrifugar	centrifugaron
agacharse	me agaché
definir	definieseis
destituir	destituida
proyectar	proyectaren
pasmar	pasmarían
pesar	pesadas
salinizar	salinizando
devorar	no devoren
mechar	mechara
bootear	booteaseis
posicionar	posicionaremos
desazonar	desazonare
cuantificar	cuantificare
fingir	fingir
preñar	preñaras
aguijar	aguijare
cualificar	cualifico
judicializar	judicializo
desposar	desposarían
potabilizar	potabilizásemos
crujir	crujíais
obedecer	obedecieres
aguzar	aguzaríais
odiar	odiaron
autorrealizarse	nos autorrealizamos
desminar	desmine
videograbar	videograbarás
manufacturar	manufacturaríamos
guglear	guglearan
agringar	agringamos
emular	emularais
contaminar	contaminará
trabar	traban
transparentar	transparentaréis
vulcanizar	vulcanizaríamos
atormentar	atormentaría
atormentar	atormentases
injerir	injirieras
rolar	rolaríais
descontar	descontarais
zafar	zafaríamos
marcharse	no os marchéis
levantar	levantaría
fletar	fletasen
viabilizar	viabilicemos
catear	cateamos
automatizar	automatizarais
empujar	empujaría
desacralizar	desacralizasteis
pulsar	pulsarían
agacharse	se agacharen
deprimir	deprimiendo
vallar	valles
asignar	asigne
lacrimar	lacriman
increpar	increparas
alojar	alojabais
desarticular	desarticularían
masificar	masifique
coreografiar	coreografiasteis
matizar	matizaran
entrechocar	entrechoce
avellanar	avellanásemos
zombificar	zombificáis
pasterizar	pasterizaron
viborear	viborearéis
adarvar	no adarve
presupuestar	presupuestamos
anquilosar	anquilosan
retroiluminar	retroiluminaría
desarticular	desarticulad
beneficiar	beneficias
chorrear	chorreados
legar	no leguen
fruir	fruirán
tincar	tincad
financiar	financió
preñar	preñaría
elucubrar	elucubrare
carburar	carburan
enviudar	enviudando
despezar	despezara
anadear	anadearen
capacitar	capacitarían
repugnar	no repugnemos
marinar	marinara
burocratizar	burocratizado
desenchufar	desenchufamos
madrear	madrea
abastar	abastes
rezongar	rezongadas
retar	retaba
quedarse	se quedaban
ausentarse	no se ausente
homogeneizar	homogeneizara
obedecer	obedecen
acensar	acensábamos
boletear	boletearían
personarse	os personaríais
cincelar	cincelado
opositar	opositara
yapar	yaparíamos
entronizar	entronizarais
desminar	desminaba
desmembrar	desmembrases
atenazar	atenazará
centrifugar	centrifugué
bombear	bombearán
acelerar	aceleráramos
resentirse	nos resintamos
alejarse	se alejen
expandir	expande
pungir	pungiésemos
garbar	garbo
colorir	coloras
acordarse	me acordaré
divinar	divinado
agendar	agendado
renquear	renquees
farfullar	farfullen
adiar	adiases
esplender	esplenda
desovar	desovarás
empodrecer	empodrecemos
voltear	voltees
abismarse	abismada
arromar	arromarían
preservar	preservaban
lastrar	no lastremos
recapitular	recapitularais
bloguear	bloguearíamos
intercambiar	intercambiaría
exceder	excedes
tabular	tabularás
cimar	cimaríais
socarrar	socarrando
bogar	bogaran
susurrar	susurre
emocionar	emocionen
franquear	franquearía
vehicular	no vehiculemos
contundir	contundimos
convertir	convertir
fusionar	fusionaríamos
evidenciar	evidenciamos
adamar	adamaréis
departir	departiendo
permutar	permutada
descachar	descachase
acartonarse	me acartone
contradecir	contradecir
añorar	añorando
aumentarse	te aumentares
acceder	acceded
monopolizar	monopolizaban
añorar	no añore
crujir	crujías
latir	latamos
mineralizar	mineralizaren
socavar	socavaremos
estimular	estimulare
despedir	despide
empedrar	empedraba
sobrerreaccionar	sobrerreaccionaba
tiznarse	tiznado
substituir	substituya
sulfurar	sulfurareis
desbordar	desbordó
enrumbar	enrumbaras
empanar	empanáis
iluminar	iluminado
beneficiar	benefició
apadrinar	apadrinará
soterrar	soterrasen
dinamitar	dinamitáremos
aboyar	no aboye
inclinarse	os inclinaréis
autorrealizarse	nos autorrealizaremos
reinventar	reinventa
fagocitar	fagocitaba
comiscar	comiscados
rolar	rolares
arrepentirse	arrepentida
aborregar	no aborregues
reintroducir	reintroduzcamos
civilizar	civilizaron
zanganear	zanganeabais
ingerir	ingerirás
acalorar	acalore
revisitar	revisitaseis
metaforizar	no metaforicemos
pasarse	se pasasen
acantorar	acantorarían
dañar	dañéis
resincronizar	resincronizarían
investir	investisteis
domesticar	domesticaríais
respingar	respingaremos
cuadruplicar	cuadruplicaríais
titrar	titraría
deshelar	deshelarais
colar	colásemos
charlar	charlábamos
tallar	tallará
encalar	encalé
gorjear	no gorjeen
enquistar	enquistáremos
aliar	alió
desmarcar	desmarcasteis
disminuir	disminuyendo
rebautizar	rebautizad
coescribir	coescribiste
soportar	soporte
cerrar	cerrasen
desvariar	no desvaries
autocremarse	se autocremen
navegar	naveguéis
respectar	respectareis
comisariar	no comisariéis
delimitar	delimitabais
descender	descendiereis
discriminar	discrimináramos
irrespetar	irrespetara
llegar	llegabais
compadecer	compadeciéramos
desbarajustar	desbarajustáis
connotar	connotabas
ablacionar	ablaciona
sufragar	sufragada
exasperar	exasperen
aturrullar	aturrullarás
rifar	rifareis
aunar	aúnen
confiscar	confiscarais
dinamitar	no dinamitemos
afligir	afligiéremos
molinar	molinábamos
validar	validase
parchar	parchado
retar	retaría
fechar	fechareis
atestiguar	atestiguásemos
capar	capabas
tamizar	tamizase
amarrar	amarró
vandalizar	no vandalice
encular	enculásemos
singar	singarán
escotar	escotase
repujar	repujásemos
autorregular	no autorregulen
revolucionar	revolucionarán
alejar	alejaran
espumar	espumado
mosquear	mosquearán
amanecer	amanecías
restaurar	restaurase
bachear	bachearé
ahitar	ahitarán
deterger	detergíais
desparpajar	desparpajase
augurar	augurará
combatir	combatíamos
jimar	jimaríamos
revertir	revierta
proveer	proveería
condensar	condensando
cimentar	cimentabais
enjambrar	enjambrasteis
latir	latidos
alijarar	alijararán
encajar	encajéis
desautorizar	desautorizarán
gorrear	gorrea
atraer	atraigáis
plagar	plagaba
incomunicar	no incomuniquéis
caligrafiar	caligrafiareis
decolorar	decolorara
encastillar	encastillaban
desencabestrar	desencabestrase
purgar	purgaren
rehilar	rehilarían
agarrotar	agarrotase
suavizar	suavizares
acalenturarse	me acalenturaba
plañir	plañerais
enjutar	enjutaban
colorear	colorearás
acojonarse	se acojona
cimentar	cimentara
escobar	escobaban
restaurar	restauraría
aplomar	aplomase
menoscabar	menoscaba
baldar	baldaran
merendar	merienda
sobrellevar	no sobrelleve
transigir	transigimos
acordonar	acordonada
comercializar	comercializamos
gritar	gritarías
celar	celaran
estimar	estimase
trinar	no trinen
arrumbar	arrumbase
sobreponer	sobrepongamos
columpiar	columpiabas
rapiñar	rapiñasen
extrudir	no extruda
legar	legues
elaborar	elabora
estimular	estimulamos
arredrar	arredra
llover	llovido
recusar	recusase
sobreexplotar	sobreexplotando
adjudicar	adjudicaren
abusar	abusaríamos
okupar	okuparas
conmemorar	conmemoramos
preocuparse	os preocuparais
penar	pena
enmudecer	enmudecerían
sonsacar	sonsacó
topetar	topetare
violentar	violentas
devolver	devolvían
capolar	capolasteis
desarraigar	desarraigaréis
rumbear	rumbearía
archivar	archivó
zumbar	zumbo
recapturar	recapturamos
amansar	no amanse
desflorar	desfloramos
autorizar	autorizase
ñoñear	ñoñee
embromar	embromáramos
invadir	invadiéramos
alfombrar	alfombraremos
disciplinar	discipline
recular	recularen
mopear	mopearía
grapar	grapemos
horizontalizar	horizontalizarían
mendigar	mendigásemos
coescribir	no coescriban
examinar	examinasteis
desguazar	desguacen
trepidar	trepide
ensalzar	ensalzasen
recusar	recusadas
manejar	manejare
desfavorecer	desfavorecería
estancarse	se estancaría
ultrajar	ultrajares
tenderse	os tenderíais
jurar	juradas
vulnerar	vulneres
colocar	colocare
cristalizar	cristalizas
despenar	despenó
negar	negarías
rehilar	rehíles
concentrar	concentráramos
anonadar	no anonademos
consonar	consonad
ocultar	oculten
destripar	destripad
sobornar	sobornaba
encasquetar	encasquetara
silabear	silabearán
quitar	quitaren
asistir	asistiereis
tajar	no tajemos
desempañar	desempañaremos
refunfuñar	refunfuñéis
olfatear	olfateará
dañar	dañaran
conmover	conmoverás
curvar	curváremos
escabechar	escabechabais
desembolsar	desembolsara
abatojar	abatojara
meteorizar	meteorizaren
concertar	concertasteis
constituir	constituyáis
trasbordar	trasbordásemos
fumigar	fumiga
humectar	humectas
asechar	asechamos
alcanzar	alcanzamos
satirizar	satirizando
desvalorizar	desvalorizad
impermeabilizar	impermeabilice
ruralizar	ruralizaseis
descruzar	descruces
relatar	no relatéis
fruir	fruirías
estrujar	estrujases
vaticinar	no vaticinéis
rebajar	no rebajen
palpitar	palpitaríamos
sancochar	sancochabais
trasmigrar	trasmigrarás
desvivirse	desvivirse
abdicar	abdicares
descachimbar	descachimbé
consentir	consintió
regresar	regresásemos
ñoñear	ñoñearías
apurar	apuraseis
desayunar	desayuno
enlutar	enlutarían
enfundar	enfundando
atardecer	atardeceríamos
naturalizar	naturaliza
latinar	latinado
pochar	pochen
regobernar	regobernáremos
inmutar	inmuten
asimilar	asimila
estipular	estipulabais
convocar	no convoquéis
volantear	volanteen
abstenerse	os abstendríais
sonrosar	sonrosen
investir	inviste
engallarse	te engallarías
horadar	horadadas
surfear	surfeara
asombrar	asombre
restar	restaba
copiar	copiásemos
desautorizar	desautorizaste
historiar	historiada
sentar	sentasen
pelotear	peloteábamos
europeizar	europeizáis
culiar	culiaríamos
entreabrir	entreabre
animalizar	animalizaban
remodelar	remodelaste
objetar	objetaría
reprogramar	reprogramaren
adamar	adamáremos
chaquetear	chaqueteares
xerografiar	xerografiares
importunar	no importune
desemborrachar	desemborrachen
invertir	invirtieseis
menudear	menudee
enfocar	enfocamos
chocar	choqué
descodificar	descodificaba
enfermarse	enférmate
yapar	yapará
dorar	dore
tatuar	tatuando
amover	amovieseis
recalentar	recalentáis
condecir	condecimos
suspirar	suspiras
recabar	recabaréis
erizar	erizarás
macharse	nos machamos
banderillear	no banderilleéis
desbancar	no desbanques
empadronar	empadronaba
gilipollear	gilipolleaba
aliviar	alivia
precarizar	precarizarás
justificar	justificase
escayolar	escayolaba
aducir	aducido
calmar	calme
barrar	barrados
disociar	disociarías
curar	curábamos
confirmar	confirmados
escapar	escaparías
vulcanizar	vulcanicen
amenizar	amenizaría
mitigar	mitigue
preponderar	preponderas
enrarecer	enrareceremos
sintetizar	sintetizará
encumbrar	encumbrase
estrenar	estrenarán
abisagrar	abisagraste
rumiar	rumiares
prevenir	previniesen
resbalar	resbalabais
desmaquillar	desmaquilladas
europeizar	europeicemos
retratar	retratabais
filar	filar
secuenciar	no secuencie
mascullar	mascullabais
alfombrar	no alfombréis
hechizar	hechizar
malograr	malogradas
declamar	declamábamos
denigrar	denigró
equivaler	equivalgamos
gorjear	gorjearemos
deletrear	no deletree
transbordar	no transborde
columpiar	columpiadas
acostarse	os acostarais
azorar	azorases
abrotoñar	abrotoñe
comparecer	comparecieren
deslocalizar	deslocalice
sobreseer	sobreseída
sesionar	sesionaran
transliterar	transliterad
boxear	boxee
rasguñar	rasguñadas
fenecer	feneciesen
investigar	no investigue
empollar	empollaran
perpetrar	perpetrara
estirar	estiren
poblar	poblareis
aventajar	aventajaba
rancar	rancad
derrotar	derrotara
injertar	injertamos
cuantificar	cuantifiquemos
descruzar	descruzan
encontrar	encontraran
abundar	abunda
pedorrear	pedorreadas
adormecer	adormece
untar	untáremos
adverar	adverada
colmar	colmase
fervorizar	fervorizáramos
lindar	lindada
reacondicionar	reacondicionarán
reforzar	reforzaría
clavetear	claveteado
imbuir	imbuid
convivir	conviviereis
inaugurar	inauguraren
rebullir	rebullese
reescribir	reescribieseis
efectuar	efectuaban
desacralizar	desacralizó
reexpedir	reexpediste
husmear	no husmeemos
refreír	refriamos
encastrar	no encastre
divulgar	divulgaren
redimensionar	no redimensionemos
enfrascarse	enfrascada
concientizar	concientices
bailotear	bailotease
deshidratar	deshidrataré
desconsiderar	desconsiderabas
conmocionar	conmocionaba
redimir	rediman
pulsar	pulsan
desconectar	no desconectemos
descalzar	descalzaré
fechar	fechaba
descender	desciendes
desapalancar	desapalancásemos
participar	participare
echar	echarais
acuclillarse	se acuclille
capitular	capitularon
fecundizar	fecundizarían
descomponer	descompondré
acorralar	acorralaste
equilibrar	equilibráremos
cromar	cromaríamos
resetear	resetearía
baremar	no bareme
oxidar	oxide
cronificar	cronificáremos
sobrerreaccionar	sobrerreaccionaseis
saber	sabrían
remar	remamos
blandir	blandiste
redescubrir	redescubriréis
imperar	imperéis
derrumbar	derrumbara
mantener	mantendrían
gradar	gradáremos
atiesar	atiese
vulgarizar	vulgarizaseis
peticionar	peticionase
envejecer	envejeciera
advertir	advirtieseis
pordiosear	pordioseas
desacertar	desacertarais
coincidir	coincidieses
desafiar	no desafíe
musir	se musa
acopiar	acopiarais
aleccionar	aleccionareis
atesorar	atesoraron
recomprar	no recompremos
jalonear	jalonearé
aluzar	no alucen
adornar	adornar
relajar	no relajen
condimentar	condimentares
prospectar	prospectáramos
biselar	biselábamos
runrunear	runrunease
proferir	no profiráis
reaccionar	reaccionáis
moldear	moldee
realzar	realcen
astillar	astillaba
regresar	regresáramos
encuadernar	encuadernó
humedecer	humedeciere
prepintar	prepinta
malversar	no malverses
desempatar	desempaté
friccionar	friccionaste
consentir	consientan
humillar	humillaríamos
prefigurar	prefigurarais
estereotipar	estereotipemos
indisponer	indispuestos
trapichear	trapicheas
puntuar	puntuaren
desarticular	desarticuló
cobijar	cobijaría
subyugar	subyugares
empequeñecer	empequeñezco
invenir	invinieres
aguzar	aguzase
fluir	fluías
apatrullar	apatrulla
sugestionar	no sugestionéis
entenebrecer	entenebrezco
engreír	engrió
jotear	joteemos
quietar	quietásemos
rebanar	rebanáremos
incordiar	incordiaría
deber	no debamos
escalfar	no escalfes
huevear	hueveáramos
oficiar	oficia
progresar	progresarás
confligir	no conflijamos
reprehender	reprehenderías
sazonar	sazonase
sustentar	sustentare
adueñarse	no se adueñe
reflotar	reflotad
franquiciar	no franquiciemos
chapotear	chapotees
desempacar	desempacáremos
conexionar	conexionásemos
cifrar	cifraremos
vehiculizar	vehiculizaban
explotar	explotaras
enranciar	enranciábamos
sojuzgar	sojuzgo
enfrascarse	te enfrascas
reseñar	reseñaréis
montar	montados
entrevistar	entrevistarás
vacacionar	vacaciona
incumbir	incumbe
meritar	merita
desligar	no desliguéis
montar	no monte
perturbar	perturbarás
juzgar	juzgará
anarquizar	anarquizamos
repercutir	repercutíais
inculpar	inculparás
garrapiñar	garrapiñara
masacrar	masacraría
distorsionar	distorsionarás
ionizar	ionizó
airear	aireé
sembrar	sembradas
desparpajar	desparpajabas
engrupir	engrupo
coadyuvar	coadyuvásemos
santiguar	santigüé
frivolizar	frivolizarías
pasar	pasaban
desahijar	desahijaran
modularizar	modularizamos
reexpedir	no reexpidáis
culebrear	culebrease
frasear	frasearías
enyesar	enyese
realzar	realzase
demediar	demedió
retroiluminar	retroilumina
acezar	acezó
arrecir	no arrezcas
injertar	injertaron
antojar	antoje
prevaricar	prevaricaría
matizar	maticen
abotargarse	nos abotargamos
microscopiar	no microscopiemos
apoyar	apoyaras
avizorar	avizoraste
reimplantar	reimplantarías
retribuir	retribuyo
ronronear	ronroneasen
alcanzar	alcanzasen
escolarizar	escolarizaron
eslabonar	eslabonabas
alardear	alardeasteis
desuscribir	desuscribas
rajar	rajásemos
cribar	cribadas
comportar	comportare
exculpar	exculpares
salpicar	salpicareis
viciar	viciaríais
enjuncar	enjuncando
enhebrar	enhebraré
ayuntar	ayunto
empoderar	no empoderes
pitar	pitaban
zambullirse	nos zambullamos
resonar	resonaría
tonificar	no tonifiquéis
abastar	abasto
extasiar	extasíen
desobedecer	desobedeciesen
calcificar	calcificásemos
cimentar	cimentarás
desarbolar	desarbolaras
sojuzgar	sojuzgues
vagar	vague
desalinizar	desalinicemos
graznar	graznados
acostar	acostásemos
jubilarse	os jubiláis
vedar	no vede
sobrentender	sobrentenderéis
plegar	pliegue
convenir	convenida
recostar	recostaseis
ameritar	ameritaban
expedientar	expedientaremos
distar	distáremos
desgastar	desgastaba
originar	no originemos
delirar	deliraré
fosilizarse	fosilizado
intercambiar	intercambie
libertar	libertase
empanar	empanare
gravar	gravases
tasar	tasaríais
retroalimentar	retroalimenten
desmentir	desmentí
nombrar	nombramos
regionalizar	regionalizas
parear	pareamos
dibujarse	se dibujan
bailar	bailó
discriminar	discrimines
veranear	veranearás
permitirse	permitidos
descontrolarse	no os descontroléis
sodomizar	sodomicé
trascurrir	trascurrido
linchar	linchéis
aforar	aforabais
aruñar	aruñaba
exceder	exceden
esnifar	esnifaba
damnificar	damnificases
imanar	imanados
inducir	no induzcamos
preguntar	no pregunten
doblegar	doblegó
pretender	pretendiese
redimensionar	redimensiono
acuñar	acuñarás
pochear	pocheaseis
rancar	rancarían
pulsar	pulsamos
opinar	opinase
carbonizar	carbonizaras
mandar	mandarás
tambalear	tambalearás
conservar	conservo
despedir	despidieras
esprintar	esprintarán
invernar	invernaseis
abuchear	abucheará
desenterrar	desenterráremos
desempacar	desempaquemos
burlarse	nos burláramos
posponer	pospusieron
avinagrar	no avinagremos
emulger	emulgiereis
extasiar	extasiasen
tachar	tachabais
bailar	bailasteis
expedir	expidan
marchitar	marchitase
trasmitir	trasmitiera
invertir	invertí
calificar	calificases
adoquinar	adoquinaban
taclear	taclearen
informatizar	informatizara
equiparar	equiparasen
restablecer	restableciereis
pulverizar	pulverizad
tildar	tildaren
bootear	bootearais
antever	anteveis
develar	develar
agonizar	agonizan
colonizar	colonizaría
tajar	tajáremos
sobrellenar	sobrellenabais
cauterizar	cauterizara
desnaturalizar	desnaturalizada
respetar	respetabais
ajuarar	ajuaramos
sortear	sortee
trasegar	trasegarías
abajar	abajo
surgir	surjáis
anonimizar	anonimizabais
atener	atuvieras
aberrar	abyerre
promover	promovamos
ameritar	ameritare
enajenar	enajenaré
endurecer	no endurezcas
jerarquizar	jerarquizara
taconear	taconeáis
tiznar	tiznadas
chupetear	no chupeteemos
corear	corearía
reencontrar	reencontrarás
guionar	guionan
corrugar	corrugar
garrapatear	garrapatea
coquetear	coquetead
enseñar	enseño
baquiar	no baquiemos
visionar	visionad
universalizar	universalizaríais
maltratar	no maltratemos
laicizar	laicizases
penar	penasteis
alegar	alegaron
europeizar	europeizasteis
impartir	impartían
agendar	agendábamos
anestesiar	anestesiara
entrar	entrando
trasegar	trasegad
asegurar	asegurara
aseverar	aseveráis
abalear	abaleada
defenestrar	defenestrad
narrar	narrara
pedir	pidamos
eliminar	eliminé
chapotear	chapoteare
pochear	pocheé
referir	referirías
aceitar	no aceiten
requebrar	requiebras
gilipollear	gilipollea
satinar	satinarais
humear	humeados
caber	cabías
rentar	rentada
crear	crearé
mineralizar	mineralizaría
validar	validen
callar	callaran
sumir	sumirá
burlarse	me burlare
destemplar	destempláremos
largar	no larguemos
saquear	saqueamos
cliquear	cliqueéis
maravillar	maravillase
acitronar	acitronaren
abjurar	abjurados
gatear	gateados
irritar	irritaba
afianzar	afianzó
congraciar	congraciara
testear	testearas
entronizar	entronizarán
recomponer	recompongamos
ahechar	aheches
atender	atendiera
desratizar	desratizo
explicitar	explicitare
coleccionar	coleccionarás
redensificar	redensificaron
conectar	conectásemos
adquirir	adquieren
abotagarse	se abotagaba
parcelar	parcelando
coger	cogeríais
utilizar	utilizase
prorratear	prorrateare
desembalar	desembaléis
altercar	altercasen
incidir	incidiese
retomar	retomemos
aquejar	aquejarais
rememorar	no rememores
rechinar	rechinaba
aquerenciarse	no se aquerencie
callar	callan
enfundar	enfundamos
destellar	destellaste
candidatear	candidateéis
pertrechar	pertrechadas
rodar	rodará
apear	apearía
ludir	ludáis
desconocer	no desconozcan
asustar	asusten
descascarar	descascararíais
autenticar	autenticase
calabriar	calabriéis
samplear	samplearemos
prensar	prensarais
reteñir	reteñiríais
discontinuar	discontinuarían
medrar	medrar
depravar	depravares
roer	royera
capitalizar	capitalizará
opositar	opositaré
culiar	culiada
aprehender	aprehendieren
arropar	arroparais
exhalar	exhalaseis
pergeñar	pergeñares
registrar	registrase
fortificar	fortificareis
elevar	elevarais
involucionar	involucionamos
autenticar	autenticarás
homenajear	homenajeamos
reparar	repare
amover	amovieran
atisbar	no atisbéis
escanear	escaneara
refundar	refunde
coser	cosemos
vertebrar	vertebradas
ligar	ligue
desatar	desatase
afinar	afinarías
comadrear	comadreabais
ensañar	ensañasteis
acortar	acortar
estabilizar	estabiliza
condecir	condice
suavizar	suavizaríamos
recular	recula
jalear	jalearían
suavizar	suavizarás
reposar	reposábamos
bajar	bajaba
romancear	romanceare
entintar	entintarán
acolchonar	acolchonen
reconducir	reconduciría
naufragar	naufragaríais
cremar	cremara
pesar	pesáramos
revisar	revisamos
antepagar	antepagarais
desobedecer	desobedecerían
almagrar	almagrásemos
encapsular	encapsulamos
desenmarañar	desenmarañaríais
saludar	saludarás
obtener	obtuviere
moquear	moqueaba
ajardinar	ajardinaría
tenderse	os tendéis
clausurar	clausuraseis
estriar	estriemos
sazonar	sazonas
enrabietar	enrabietadas
lisiar	lisiásemos
calcinar	calcinará
traslapar	traslapaba
escorar	escorarais
esperar	espero
liquidar	liquidaran
sajar	sajaría
desflorar	desflorasteis
subcontratar	subcontratares
presagiar	presagiaremos
bootear	booteáremos
entrevistar	entrevisté
afligir	afligieren
surgir	surgiere
instrumentalizar	instrumentalicen
reventar	reventamos
fervorizar	fervorizasteis
aconsejar	aconsejaréis
monitorizar	monitorizamos
desvariar	desvaria
graficar	graficaban
arriar	arriaba
alterar	alterada
motear	motean
conmover	conmoviéramos
refunfuñar	refunfuñareis
reimplantar	reimplantaríais
amaitinar	amaitinareis
conseguir	consiguiese
adueñar	adueñaran
periclitar	periclita
azucarar	azucaren
achicar	achican
callejear	callejean
pudrir	pudrieras
evidenciar	evidenciad
fecundar	fecundemos
sedimentar	sedimentara
retranquear	retranqueamos
dosificar	dosificará
hastiar	hastíen
agrandar	agrandarías
engrupir	no engrupa
cansar	cansan
procrear	procrees
espolvorear	espolvorearon
sosegar	sosegaba
acaparar	acaparasen
obedecer	obedecíamos
emulger	emuljamos
desalojar	desalojó
ablandar	ablandabais
renderizar	renderice
suicidarse	nos suicidáremos
lacrar	lacrabas
disentir	disentisteis
predisponer	predispongan
quemar	queme
guiar	guiaría
desvaír	desvayeses
inflar	infla
progresar	progresarais
empequeñecer	empequeñecieseis
expresar	expresaba
festejar	festejada
interesarse	interesarse
estibar	no estibemos
silabar	silabas
enfangar	enfangaré
amistar	amistes
autografiar	autografiemos
amacollar	no amacollen
desnutrir	desnutriríais
abajar	abajes
manifestar	manifestéis
africanizar	africanicemos
batir	batiría
chillar	chillasen
dirimir	dirime
desoír	desoigáis
obsequiar	obsequiabais
instituir	instituía
pelar	pelaremos
amarillecer	amarillecieron
reencarnar	reencarnado
descubrir	descubras
vertebrar	vertebrares
parlar	parlaseis
currar	curráramos
amnistiar	amnistiaría
creer	creyeras
afiebrar	afiebráramos
evitar	no eviten
acomplejar	acomplejara
asediar	asediaríais
gobernar	gobernaban
transitar	transitará
desobedecer	desobedecíamos
encuadrar	encuadramos
diluir	diluiremos
reponer	repusierais
reanudar	reanuda
diluviar	diluvien
aconsejar	aconsejad
rechazar	rechazaría
estremecer	estremecida
vacacionar	vacacione
acumular	acumulando
enmaderar	enmaderases
marchitar	marchitares
chisparse	nos chisparíamos
aminorar	aminoraban
gustar	gustará
entrecruzar	entrecruzamos
fugarse	os fugareis
roncar	roncarían
descabellar	descabellases
colorar	coloramos
insidiar	insidiaron
fornicar	fornicáis
prorrumpir	prorrumpieses
autoproclamarse	autoproclamaré
avivar	aviven
flambear	flambearéis
estregar	estregaba
abatanar	abatane
pausar	pausada
simular	simulásemos
asentir	asentía
bancar	banca
copresidir	copresidiría
victimar	victimen
recrudecer	recrudezcan
acelerar	no aceleréis
estafar	estafaba
liquenizar	liquenizasteis
expirar	expirases
resincronizar	resincronizare
arramblar	arrambló
reclinar	reclinéis
internacionalizar	internacionalizarán
apanar	apanaba
desencadenar	desencadenara
inculpar	inculpó
exceder	excediere
desenfundar	desenfundara
tronar	tronar
engendrar	engendradas
avezar	avezábamos
conmutar	conmuten
acañonear	acañoneen
judicializar	judicializarás
estibar	estibas
contrabalancear	contrabalancead
sincerarse	no os sinceréis
borbotear	borbotearía
reorientar	reorientabais
atusar	atusara
tributar	tributamos
acolchonar	acolchonare
instrumentar	instrumentamos
insidiar	insidiada
hastiar	hastiáis
razonar	razonadas
pacificar	pacificarás
agacharse	me agache
enamorarse	nos enamorábamos
gayar	gayaba
holgazanear	holgazaneaba
antiguar	antiguabais
desportillar	desportillares
envasar	envasara
apacentar	apacentaban
dificultar	dificultarás
empaquetar	empaquete
bocinar	bocinen
odiar	odiaría
blofear	blofearíamos
encumbrar	encumbraré
ovular	ovulados
diferir	diferiste
enamorar	enamoren
participar	no participes
ventosear	ventosearíais
autoabastecerse	me autoabastezco
solapar	solaparon
entreabrir	entreabrís
jaranear	jaraneabais
mantear	mantearemos
traicionar	traicionasteis
abovedar	abovedases
desatar	desataras
alongar	alongábamos
eviscerar	evisceraba
fajar	fajadas
heder	hederemos
forcejear	forcejearíamos
mascujar	mascujase
narcotizar	narcotizaba
amarrar	no amarre
extasiar	extasiásemos
sustanciar	sustanciarían
victimar	victimase
reasentar	no reasente
pleitear	pleitearas
temer	no teman
reencarnar	reencarnaremos
satirizar	satirice
refundir	refundía
encuartelar	encuartelaban
encanecer	encanecerían
deshidratar	deshidratemos
turistear	turistees
cegar	ciega
vestirse	nos vestíamos
encurtir	encurtidas
castrar	castrásemos
ajusticiar	ajusticiase
contextualizar	contextualizabais
refundir	refundiéremos
aforrar	aforra
cespitar	cespitaría
someter	no sometáis
ocasionar	ocasionaras
enjalbegar	enjalbegabas
estacionar	no estacionéis
dibujar	dibujáremos
razonar	razonarán
volantear	volanteases
aerografiar	aerografia
gobernar	gobernase
consentir	no consientan
modorrar	modorré
sondar	sondara
anochecer	anocheceréis
descontrolar	descontrolaron
masar	masemos
dorar	dorare
armar	armares
influir	influiríais
suministrar	suministrará
rebajar	rebajaron
enamorarse	os enamorareis
abrir	abre
escamar	escamabas
conjeturar	no conjeture
abisagrar	abisagran
insistir	insistías
empastar	empastar
envejecerse	envejecida
lagrimar	lagrimo
triangular	triangulabais
regañar	regañaras
alertar	alertado
apasionar	apasione
exigir	exigisteis
dinamitar	dinamitemos
lubricar	lubriquemos
desratizar	desratizarán
osar	osáremos
camuflar	camuflaré
enfebrecer	enfebrecías
tornar	tornases
releer	releemos
televisar	televisaras
brotar	brotaréis
desclavar	desclaven
reelegir	reelegid
mearse	nos meamos
occidentalizar	occidentalizaron
mejorar	mejoraré
mercerizar	mercerizamos
respectar	respectaren
capear	capear
disputar	disputarás
reconvertir	reconvertid
desquiciar	desquiciaren
destruir	destruían
derretir	derretir
glorificar	glorifico
gemir	gemí
aposentar	aposentaras
retorcer	retorcidas
recordar	recordada
suputar	suputaría
deslocalizar	deslocalizar
atajar	no atajéis
rodar	ruede
recomenzar	recomenzara
embobar	embobases
columbrar	columbran
estilizar	no estilicen
centellar	no centellemos
visitar	visites
especificar	especificarais
teñir	teñiría
enrarecer	enrarecía
finir	fina
reentrar	reentraste
religar	religaseis
broncearse	nos broncearíamos
mensajear	no mensajeéis
engarruchar	engarruchareis
intrigar	no intriguemos
despeinar	despeinaste
crear	no creéis
encriptar	encriptan
visualizar	visualizabais
aculturar	aculturáis
desparasitar	desparasitare
pacificar	pacificamos
escolarizar	no escolarice
procesar	procesen
sucumbir	sucumbieren
sincerarse	me sincerara
santiguar	santiguase
puñar	puñara
deshabilitar	deshabiliten
encamar	no encamemos
guarecer	guarecerían
jabonar	jabonaron
suturar	suturaría
arbitrar	arbitre
evocar	evocase
engatillar	engatillarás
peinar	peiné
almagrar	almagraban
arromar	arromare
desembrujar	desembrujaren
urgir	urgió
abaratar	abaratados
metastatizar	no metastatice
espigar	espigase
precisar	precisaríais
enamorar	enamorad
remachar	remachasen
refregar	refregarían
replegar	replegases
sosegar	sosegará
adueñarse	no os adueñéis
carenar	carenaran
reprender	reprenden
reducir	reduzcan
cimentar	cimentáremos
bojar	bojemos
venenciar	venenciad
suavizar	suavizo
patear	pateadas
disociar	disociarais
criticar	criticaréis
desnacer	no desnazca
ahijar	ahijaren
deshabilitar	deshabilitará
esquinar	esquinaron
sanitizar	saniticemos
recolar	recolad
plastificar	plastificareis
prorratear	prorratearía
disculpar	disculpaseis
apostillar	apostillara
abanar	abanaba
mullir	mullíamos
pelotear	no peloteéis
frecuentar	frecuentasteis
deshuesar	deshuesaréis
comprometer	comprometiese
colapsar	colapsan
tundir	tundiríamos
mullir	mullimos
sacrificar	sacrificares
copatrocinar	copatrocinará
planchar	planchada
visualizar	visualizaba
idolatrar	idolatréis
fincar	fincásemos
transgredir	transgredías
botanizar	botanizara
aligerar	aligera
blofear	blofearía
mimetizar	mimetizarás
descuidar	descuidar
regodear	te regodearás
desprestigiar	desprestigie
excitar	excitaríais
postrar	postrados
calafatear	no calafatees
achinar	achina
burbujear	burbujeásemos
endomingarse	te endomingares
trasfigurar	no trasfigure
maznar	maznase
gimotear	gimotearías
enajenar	enajeno
disparar	dispararan
reiterar	no reitere
desenamorar	desenamores
firmar	firmen
embanderar	embanderaba
mayar	no mayen
chapotear	chapotearon
amarillecer	amarillecerá
blindar	blindabais
ensuciar	no ensucies
ovillar	ovillares
expugnar	expugnasteis
fulgurar	fulgurasen
desaprovechar	desaprovechaste
pedir	pedíais
garabatear	garabatearon
dimediar	dimediaras
encarecer	encarezcáis
moldear	moldeareis
valorar	valoraré
desechar	desecháremos
presagiar	presagiaras
echarse	echémonos
realquilar	realquiláramos
sofisticar	sofisticó
abotonar	abotonáis
turbar	no turbes
aggiornar	no aggiornes
trucar	truquéis
desnudar	desnudasteis
aviar	aviareis
desposeer	desposeyeras
desandar	desanduviésemos
arrumbar	arrumbéis
obnubilar	obnubilabas
guayar	guayaba
recalar	recalaran
desposeer	desposeyeses
amarse	amarse
semejar	semejabais
sofisticar	sofisticamos
atizar	atizases
parapetar	parapetare
cecear	cecearías
coleccionar	coleccionaba
desteñir	desteñí
ciar	ciaras
preludiar	preludiásemos
gorjear	gorjeado
persignarse	persignáis
blasfemar	blasfemase
torturar	torturaría
cardar	cardo
obedecer	obedeciereis
retuitear	retuitearé
coleccionar	coleccionaras
afluir	no afluyas
petar	petarás
rearmar	rearmaran
meter	metido
absceder	no abscedamos
arramblar	arramble
uncir	unciere
bolear	bolee
revolotear	revoloteabais
achantar	achantaríais
ducharse	se duchaban
impugnar	impugnábamos
animar	animarían
desnacer	desnaceríais
vegetar	vegetare
mandrilar	no mandrile
dirigir	dirigiera
subastar	subasta
acobardar	acobardarán
desenchufar	desenchufó
desabastecer	desabastecierais
singar	singases
pulsar	pulsareis
transponer	transpusisteis
distraer	distraigamos
acompasar	acompasaren
atracar	atraca
consejar	consejas
maximizar	maximizas
desnutrir	desnutriesen
predominar	predominara
sistematizar	sistematizaba
subdividir	no subdividas
otear	otea
demodular	demodulara
eslabonar	eslabonáramos
almacenar	almacenen
dopar	dopareis
profundizar	no profundices
elevar	elevaron
serrar	serrarán
fulgir	fuljan
acicalar	acicalaré
numerar	numeraban
rebotar	rebotase
repicar	repicarán
empezar	empezareis
soler	solamos
avergonzarse	nos avergonzábamos
mimar	no mimes
banquetear	no banquetee
entristecer	entristecieron
perder	perdiéramos
concadenar	concadenasteis
fotografiar	no fotografiemos
suspirar	suspiraseis
horripilar	horripilará
monetizar	monetices
embutir	embutieron
depauperar	depauperaren
solicitar	solicitaseis
deslustrar	deslustrase
desenmascarar	desenmascarabais
esquilmar	esquilmabais
conjurar	conjuró
atisbar	atisbado
entronizar	entronice
fotocopiar	fotocopiaba
afeitarse	os afeitáis
inmovilizar	no inmovilicemos
aupar	aúpe
aparear	aparee
arponear	arponearéis
abemolar	abemolo
remecer	remeceríais
prendar	prendaran
desmenuzar	desmenuzaría
caer	cayéremos
dosificar	dosifiquéis
acalambrar	acalambrados
implantarse	os implantasteis
escuadronar	escuadronaran
preguntarse	preguntados
estreñir	estreñidas
simpatizar	simpatizaran
guisar	guisáremos
reprogramar	reprogramase
astreñir	astriñera
hipar	hipáramos
masificar	masificare
desgraciar	desgracien
resumir	resumís
guglear	gugleare
engrilletar	engrilletaba
desparramar	desparramaríais
peregrinar	peregrinase
apapachar	apapaché
sacudir	sacuda
prorrumpir	prorrumpiere
entusiasmar	entusiasmaban
empeller	empellera
aprender	aprendieseis
intercambiar	intercambiareis
platicar	platicaste
rectificar	rectificar
refrenar	refrenaríais
derogar	derogarás
desproteger	desprotegemos
enredar	enredareis
chapar	chapábamos
expresar	expresadas
sofocar	sofocarían
preservar	preservad
conmocionar	conmocione
gorrear	gorreaseis
cuerpear	cuerpee
entregar	entregareis
descoyuntar	descoyunte
reorientar	reorientara
enarbolar	enarboló
deslustrar	deslustren
ameritar	ameritados
recular	no recule
inspeccionar	inspeccionamos
esquivar	esquivarás
reforzar	refuerce
inmortalizar	inmortalizaba
legalizar	legalizaré
avanzar	avanzarás
privar	priva
compeler	compeleréis
agendar	agendare
apañar	apañabas
deshelar	deshelará
antagonizar	antagonizarás
distender	distienden
sulfurar	sulfurarán
destemplar	destemplaremos
querellarse	se querelló
entreverar	entreveramos
refinar	refiné
indexar	indexaras
amacollar	no amacollemos
gloriar	gloríe
galvanizar	galvanicen
debilitar	debilitarían
alquilar	no alquilemos
redibujar	redibujaríais
suavizar	suavizarías
acetificar	acetificaban
captar	captamos
replantear	replantearás
zancajear	zancajea
aparentar	aparentase
chismorrear	chismorrearon
desembolsar	desembolsó
acachetear	acacheteamos
esquilar	esquilarían
retrasar	retrasado
encastillar	encastillaren
anestesiar	anestesié
exfoliar	exfolié
atufar	atufará
deponer	deponga
ayustar	ayusto
grafitear	grafitearía
perorar	perorase
pillar	pilla
pasarse	nos pasásemos
bastonear	bastoneáremos
embaucar	embaucaré
chufar	chufaréis
desear	desea
martirizar	martirizando
apedrear	apedrearais
achantar	achantásemos
contestar	contestar
embestir	embestir
comisariar	comisariaban
tapizar	tapicen
erigir	erigiere
chochear	chochearía
arrimar	arrimáis
listar	listaría
marcir	no marzan
rifar	rifabais
piquetear	piqueteemos
ocasionar	ocasionemos
acariciar	acariciaba
sumir	no suman
reimpulsar	reimpulsé
desuscribir	desuscribirá
sonsacar	sonsacas
encofrar	no encofréis
enlistar	enlistareis
escorar	escoréis
hundir	hundiere
descender	descendieras
manducar	manducabais
azucarar	no azucares
terciar	terciábamos
economizar	economizásemos
eluir	eluyereis
descabellar	descabellareis
caminar	caminaran
helar	no hieles
babear	babeará
malfuncionar	malfuncionaría
prevenir	prevendrás
taquear	taqueares
irrespetar	irrespetan
reír	no ría
aprehender	no aprehendamos
rebobinar	rebobinaseis
embeber	embebieses
amohinar	amohíne
flanquear	flanqueáis
embalar	embalaríamos
emponzoñar	emponzoñabais
derruir	derruyó
mallar	mallada
ablandarse	ablandada
tender	tendiesen
absolver	absuelto
resignar	resignaréis
galguear	galgueadas
descentralizar	descentralizaste
desatinar	desatinaríais
crotorar	crotoréis
cornear	cornearán
empalmarse	no empalmen
yacer	yace
abochornarse	te abochornabas
reintroducir	reintrodujere
pensionar	pensionará
nalguear	nalguearíamos
rentar	rentó
alfabetizar	alfabetizas
contextualizar	contextualizamos
alquilar	alquilábamos
revolver	revuelva
llamear	llameada
arrebujar	arrebuje
aplicar	aplicábamos
despeinar	despeinases
infravalorar	infravaloraba
exulcerar	exulceren
gesticular	gesticularía
endilgar	endilgado
inflar	inflábamos
acallar	acallará
ganguear	gangueaseis
defeccionar	defeccionaste
rehilar	rehilamos
remozar	remoces
agregar	agrega
abjurar	abjurase
inclinarse	inclínese
delimitar	delimitamos
prohibir	prohibiríamos
desestabilizar	no desestabilicéis
desenchufar	desenchufará
convertirse	nos convertíamos
olvidar	olvidado
degollar	no degollemos
indisponer	indispondrán
rebautizar	rebautizar
fintar	fintaríamos
deplorar	deplorarás
jalonar	jalonáramos
paralelar	paralelare
recocer	recociese
googlear	googleemos
acalorarse	me acaloro
relevar	relevé
insertar	inserte
barbarizar	barbarizaría
revitalizar	revitalizáramos
endomingarse	te endomingaste
atormentar	atormentaseis
topear	topearais
atarear	atareara
deber	deba
esquematizar	esquematicemos
esparcir	esparcirías
exclamar	exclamáremos
personarse	personada
reencantar	reencantásemos
interpolar	interpolaron
alivianar	alivianarán
desconectar	desconectados
asestar	asestéis
asentar	no asiente
obstar	obsta
deletrear	deletreabais
lacear	lacear
hidrogenar	hidrogenamos
tontear	tonteé
clasificarse	te clasificaste
tullir	tulleran
territorializar	territorialicemos
cundir	cunde
desparasitar	desparasitamos
capitalizar	capitalizaban
descortezar	descorteces
abigarrar	abigarrasteis
interrogar	interrogue
telegrafiar	telegrafiados
defender	defendías
callejear	callejearen
segmentar	segmentada
crecer	crecen
armonizar	armonizáremos
humidificar	humidificamos
virar	virase
dietar	dietadas
endrogarse	os endrogarais
descifrar	descifrabais
desideologizar	no desideologicen
reinsertar	reinserta
embriagar	embriagando
parapetar	parapetarán
pizcar	pizcado
cachar	cachan
gorgotear	gorgotearéis
atemperar	atemperarás
desairar	desairarían
habituar	no habituéis
recolocar	recolocábamos
aseverar	aseverada
trasoír	trasoigo
divinar	divinados
denunciar	denunciaréis
verticalizar	no verticalices
sentir	sentiré
desplomarse	me desplomo
equivocar	equivocas
graficar	grafica
resurgir	resurgirás
modificar	modificamos
importar	importarían
aglutinar	aglutinabais
quietar	quietaren
manipular	manipular
aparecer	aparezcan
aplazar	aplace
replantear	replanteaba
sincretizar	sincretizábamos
arrebujar	arrebujareis
amacollar	amacollan
callar	calléis
prever	previstas
fascinar	fascinaste
autocremarse	no te autocremes
prohibir	prohibiese
temer	temiere
quedar	quedaré
estorbar	no estorbemos
entrechocar	entrechocáremos
ornamentar	ornamentare
sobornar	sobornare
decolorar	decolorarías
apabullar	apabulla
reimprimir	reimprimíamos
rechistar	rechistaremos
emborracharse	emborráchense
disfrazar	disfrazada
remojar	remojado
permitirse	te permitías
putear	no puteemos
encuerar	encueraríais
desencantar	desencanten
atrincherar	atrincherabas
preelaborar	preelaborábamos
compulsar	compulsáremos
automedicarse	me automedicaría
simpatizar	simpatizaste
enriquecer	enriquecían
concadenar	no concadenes
adornar	adornaríamos
reexaminar	reexaminaran
aforrar	aforráremos
cremar	cremados
caricaturizar	caricaturizados
destraillar	destraillaste
revivir	no reviváis
diversificar	diversificaba
indemnizar	indemnizabais
compilar	compilase
descuartizar	no descuarticen
desdoblar	desdobladas
fusilar	fusilaría
judicializar	judicializaran
acatar	acatado
meteorizar	no meteorice
rodar	rodaba
sobrecumplir	sobrecumplierais
depravar	deprava
resumir	resumirá
eyacular	eyacularas
rebatir	rebatiríais
atravesar	atraviese
reglar	reglarías
desolar	desueles
embrujar	no embrujen
plegar	plegados
castellanizar	castellanizaría
recostar	recostaba
absolver	absolviéremos
involucionar	involucionaré
formar	formarías
henchir	hinchió
rielar	rielareis
maltratar	maltrató
bloguear	blogueen
despechar	despeche
chismear	chismease
adelgazar	adelgace
mermar	mermaba
despejar	despejásemos
ponerse	se pusieren
eviscerar	eviscera
ofertar	ofertase
enlazar	enlazaba
acobardar	acobardáis
dopar	dopar
descontaminar	descontaminaste
reconquistar	reconquisté
barequear	barequeó
acuciar	acuciáramos
surcar	surcaste
persignarse	no persignes
topar	topábamos
permanecer	permanecidos
acoger	acojan
instigar	instigar
modorrar	modorraran
endomingarse	no se endominguen
entrecomillar	entrecomillabais
pescuecear	pescueceados
taponear	taponean
experimentar	experimentadas
engullir	engullas
enramar	enrame
preparar	preparares
escotar	escote
marchar	marchas
asar	no asen
aplomar	aplomáremos
difuminar	difuminemos
desquiciar	desquicie
roncar	roncasen
urdir	urdid
equipar	equipas
gradar	gradamos
recapacitar	recapacitarás
cercar	cercaban
bridar	bridabas
echar	echaría
cuestionar	cuestionéis
desunir	no desunas
bromear	bromear
aburrir	aburríais
granjear	granjearan
zanjar	zanjada
conmutar	no conmute
intrusar	intrusasen
descubrir	descubriríamos
alisar	alisase
instituir	no instituyáis
promediar	promediando
desolar	desolarán
sobrevivir	sobrevivimos
rendir	rendíamos
silbar	silbemos
gallear	gallearás
desamortizar	desamortizaren
saturar	saturares
meditar	meditara
trastear	trasteará
transplantar	transplantaré
despedirse	nos despedimos
propiciar	propiciasen
inferir	inferimos
clonar	clonábamos
engullir	engullía
deshelar	deshielan
resondrar	resondrará
distinguir	distinguiríamos
pelechar	pelechará
vapulear	vapuleáremos
periclitar	periclitasteis
instaurar	instauradas
infamar	infamásemos
contestar	contestadas
connotar	no connoten
ablacionar	ablacionaste
recapitular	recapitulara
apaciguar	apacigüemos
reencontrar	no reencuentres
subarrendar	subarrendó
espigar	espigaría
acusar	acusáis
aullar	aullabas
modelar	modelaban
desmembrar	desmembrarán
envanecer	no envanezcan
recubrir	recubrimos
menudear	menudeases
comulgar	comulgarían
oscurecer	oscurecisteis
resembrar	resembramos
sujetar	sujetadas
embarullar	embarullare
proferir	proferíais
flojear	flojearas
avergonzarse	nos avergonzáramos
funcionar	funcionareis
calcificar	calcificarán
destocar	destocases
contorsionar	contorsionemos
desionizar	desionizasteis
comportarse	os comportareis
soportar	soportábamos
estriar	estriare
arraigar	arraigarás
convenir	conviniera
excarcelar	excarcele
golear	goleará
desinfectar	desinfectarás
encandilar	no encandile
reprogramar	reprogrames
pelechar	pelechare
garbar	garbare
bridar	bridaren
malherir	malhiramos
rapear	no rapeéis
gestionar	gestionaras
devenir	devenidos
reportar	reportaríamos
remachar	remachase
rediseñar	rediseñáremos
acogotar	acogotéis
mentalizar	mentalicen
engomar	engome
perorar	peroraras
emanar	emanamos
sobregirar	sobregira
amotinar	amotinarían
precocinar	precocinaren
enrollar	enrollasteis
zurrir	zurriremos
despepitar	despepitares
desbordar	desbordaseis
enternecer	enterneceré
bogar	bogados
anisar	anisarais
vitorear	vitoreaseis
sancionar	sancionabas
militarizar	militarizaban
competer	competerá
instrumentalizar	instrumentalizamos
vanagloriarse	os vanagloriaríais
atufar	atufaremos
envilecer	envilecería
capolar	capolaría
independizarse	os independizasteis
encuerar	encuerase
absolver	absolver
embarrar	embarras
despistar	despisté
ayuntar	ayuntadas
desacelerar	desacelerabas
estar	estarías
dirigirse	me dirigiera
ofrendar	ofrendara
absceder	abscedido
nublar	nublado
graduar	graduábamos
abaluartar	abaluartó
anotar	anotare
babear	babeemos
parear	pareemos
auxiliar	auxiliaseis
ruralizar	ruralice
moquear	moquearais
escamar	escamare
remozar	no remocemos
remezclar	remezclemos
encalabozar	encalabozan
rodar	no ruedes
acaparar	acaparamos
colectar	colectaría
añadir	añadiere
uniformizar	uniformizásemos
amaestrar	amaestren
coludir	no coluda
desentumecer	desentumecías
pepenar	pepenaseis
aplaudir	aplaudamos
robustecer	robustecieras
chasquear	chasqueáramos
indultar	indultaba
rechazar	rechace
chambear	chambeados
solidar	solidaban
latir	latieras
recuperar	recuperaras
externalizar	externalizado
bloguear	blogueáramos
expandir	expandieron
victimar	victimaré
orlar	orlando
ridiculizar	ridiculizaban
apechugar	apechugaban
despedazar	despedaces
etiquetar	etiquetases
diseccionar	diseccionando
refulgir	refulgiéramos
rebatir	rebatiendo
cristianizar	cristianicen
concatenar	concatenásemos
retuitear	retuitease
chocar	choque
descontaminar	descontaminaseis
licuar	licuen
retipificar	retipificasen
desligar	desligábamos
ladrar	ladrasen
desrabotar	desrabotada
lloriquear	no lloriqueen
trocar	trocad
destazar	destazaríamos
engallarse	me engallaré
envilecer	envilezca
chasquear	chasqueadas
esclarecer	esclarecido
irritar	irritaría
depreciar	depreciarán
reencontrar	reencontráis
abalanzar	abalanzan
banquetear	no banqueteen
soldar	soldaren
encaminar	encaminando
despabilar	despabilan
asir	asimos
trancar	trancaban
trasquilar	trasquilado
atrever	atrevieras
rajar	rajaren
encastrar	encastraría
recobrar	recobráremos
alongar	alongaríais
avenir	aviniera
destellar	destellare
ratear	ratee
solfear	solfee
disfamar	disfamase
nominalizar	nominalizaría
lloviznar	no lloviznéis
tontear	tonteare
alfombrar	alfombrares
distraer	distrajésemos
sobrecumplir	sobrecumplieses
apegarse	te apegues
abovedar	abovedaron
acidular	acidularía
tardar	tardaste
rasguñar	rasguñares
aturrullar	aturrullados
enunciar	enunciases
palpar	palpar
crepitar	crepitarás
desautorizar	desautorizasen
encajar	encajar
pescar	pescar
desmenuzar	desmenuce
chamuscar	chamuscaste
convenir	convinieren
esforzar	esforzaras
hospitalizar	hospitalizaban
quintuplicar	quintuplicásemos
crujir	crujiendo
volver	volviera
procesionar	procesionabais
ampollar	ampollaras
vocalizar	vocalizare
prohijar	prohijadas
ultimar	ultimamos
puntualizar	puntualicen
derrumbar	derrumba
pitar	pitemos
ideologizar	ideologiza
rielar	no rielen
fibrilar	fibriléis
adverar	adveraba
acogotar	acogote
escodar	escodaba
controvertir	controvertirán
democratizar	democratizaréis
indizar	indizar
guindar	guindare
comandar	comandasteis
reactivar	reactivare
aguapar	aguapamos
chivar	chivasteis
pespuntar	no pespuntemos
despezar	despezaba
mechar	mechéis
fregar	fregaste
reconocer	no reconozcamos
cairelar	caireladas
espolvear	espolveamos
remedar	remedarás
renderizar	renderizas
leudar	leudaran
balbucir	balbucierais
asociar	asociadas
deslumbrar	deslumbrare
abrochar	abrocháramos
ratificar	no ratifiquéis
limitar	limito
infectar	infectasteis
apesadumbrar	apesadumbraría
enfebrecer	enfebrecía
desideologizar	desideologizaras
gemir	gima
ungir	ungiendo
avinagrar	avinagran
pivotar	pivotaseis
devorar	no devores
malacostumbrar	malacostumbrará
envejecerse	envejécete
excavar	excave
amueblar	amueblaríais
exhumar	exhumo
ostentar	ostentarás
bloguear	bloguearais
apriscar	no aprisquéis
quietar	quietases
acardenalar	acardenalarais
reforestar	reforestáis
escasear	escasearemos
espesar	espesada
reenergizar	reenergizáramos
resaltar	resaltaren
toller	tolles
descoyuntar	descoyuntemos
profesionalizar	no profesionalicemos
descocer	descocería
golear	golee
plegar	plegaremos
customizar	customices
esclerosar	esclerosó
distraer	distrajimos
sentarse	sentaos
plantear	plantease
acortar	acorte
ventilar	ventilado
desapasionar	desapasionados
densificar	densificado
acordonar	acordonaríais
jalonear	jalonee
guayar	guayares
verbalizar	verbalizan
embanderar	embanderase
desalinizar	desalinizarás
constelar	constelaban
desorejar	desorejaran
sonsacar	sonsacados
absterger	abstergieras
masculinizar	no masculinice
electrizar	electrizando
entreverar	entrevero
respectar	respectaría
broncearse	bronceada
sobreponer	sobrepusieran
pavimentar	pavimentase
llorar	lloro
resonar	resonemos
rehogar	rehogabas
desatender	desatendió
postular	postuláremos
torear	torear
descongelar	descongelad
quedarse	os quedareis
atañer	atañer
relatar	relataréis
repasar	repasen
semejar	semejan
diseminar	disemines
bordear	bordee
masculinizar	masculinizaré
taquear	taqueareis
temer	temeríamos
tildarse	se tildó
resondrar	resondren
laborar	laborado
sobrentender	sobrentendían
enfundar	enfundabas
cornear	corneadas
reubicar	reubicaríais
petar	no pete
marcir	marcía
espetar	espetábamos
estropear	no estropees
sonrojar	sonrojásemos
enguatar	enguatases
depreciar	deprecio
retumbar	retumbáramos
posar	poses
remedar	remedares
respingar	respingases
infatuar	infatuasteis
cicatrizar	cicatrice
eclipsar	eclipsen
inmigrar	inmigrabas
fulgir	fulgir
alborozar	alborozara
desnatar	desnatáis
preguntar	preguntando
ensalzar	ensalzará
latinar	latinaba
silabar	silabarías
postergar	postergaremos
encomiar	encomiéis
tapizar	tapizaron
dragar	dragásemos
ambicionar	ambicionaron
difuminar	difuminados
preferir	preferisteis
abaratar	no abaraten
escaldar	escaldamos
evocar	evoquéis
narcotizar	narcotizamos
amedrentar	amedrentarais
autoevacuarse	os autoevacuareis
acabarse	nos acabáramos
reinstaurar	reinstaurare
viborear	viboreada
ocurrir	ocurriré
ingresar	ingresabais
geolocalizar	geolocalicemos
preciarse	nos preciaríamos
dispararse	dispárense
azolvar	azolvada
ovillar	ovillarais
ganar	ganaría
lloviznar	lloviznamos
apretar	apretando
infiltrar	infiltrar
errar	erraba
resplandecer	resplandeciera
sobreseer	sobreseas
humanizar	humanizare
purificar	purifiquemos
recoger	recojan
exprimir	exprimiéremos
aculturar	aculturasen
terciar	terciaste
financiar	financies
reciprocar	reciprocábamos
potenciar	potencien
repostar	repostaren
revender	revendida
desagradecer	desagradeció
desahijar	desahijé
biografiar	biografiásemos
informatizar	informatizaren
postular	no postule
ruinar	ruinábamos
engomar	engomaréis
culear	culea
croar	croaríais
caldear	caldeen
atarantar	atarantaríais
signar	no signe
subastar	subastares
desarrollar	desarrolla
aprehender	aprehendisteis
popularizar	popularizaría
colonizar	colonizaste
espiar	espías
rular	rules
emperrar	emperrados
descocer	descuezan
acosar	acosáramos
exhibir	exhibiera
mediatizar	mediatizaríais
abajar	abajarais
intentar	no intente
vengar	vengado
atener	atengas
zabullir	zabullía
regrabar	regrabarías
litigar	no litiguemos
indizar	indizamos
estimular	estimulas
aprobar	aprueban
aspirar	aspirarais
rebosar	rebosaron
revestir	revestiría
aventajar	aventajaban
pulverizar	pulverizáremos
decapitar	decapitaréis
recelar	receló
estacionar	estacionara
calcular	no calculéis
sobrevirar	sobrevirabas
refrescar	refrescando
encurtir	encurta
vocalizar	vocalizábamos
romanzar	romanzábamos
substituir	substituíais
acañonear	acañonearíais
miniaturizar	no miniaturicen
desaprovechar	desaprovecharía
obviar	obviará
reclutar	recluta
lanzar	lanzaría
bufar	no bufes
asomar	asome
malversar	malversaríamos
analizar	analizará
vociferar	vociferaremos
asustar	asustara
organizar	organizan
retirar	retirando
lengüetear	lengüetee
discernir	discierna
marinar	marinarais
segmentar	segmentarías
enjalbegar	enjalbegada
inocular	inoculares
convivir	convivan
achinar	achinen
evangelizar	evangelizabais
aquerenciarse	aquerenciarse
cablear	cablearán
afectar	afectamos
esquilmar	esquilmando
realzar	realce
historiar	historiado
sedar	sedando
tabular	tabularas
declinar	declinen
recibir	recibirá
carburar	carbure
rodear	rodeásemos
enlenzar	enlenzasteis
desainar	desaínen
mermar	no mermes
resaber	resabremos
girar	girar
centellar	centellaría
reutilizar	reutilizaste
aclamar	no aclamen
chapotear	chapoteo
apetecer	no apetezcamos
humedecer	humedecieras
persuadir	persuadieseis
engrosar	no engrosemos
mentalizar	mentalizaríamos
desentrañar	desentrañaríamos
desteñir	desteñidas
republicar	republicaron
encorvar	encorvamos
abocar	abocad
escatimar	escatimare
deslenguarse	deslenguaos
devorar	devorase
insinuar	insinuaría
difractar	no difractes
calcinar	calcinábamos
resarcir	resarcía
jactarse	no os jactéis
enjaular	enjaulo
engranar	engranaría
guiñar	guiño
salivar	no salivemos
apaciguar	apaciguaseis
corretear	correteasteis
amaestrar	amaestrabais
abanar	abanen
trasoír	trasoía
concientizar	concientizamos
amonestar	amonesten
autoexcluirse	autoexcluido
orear	oreare
topetar	no topetes
complicar	compliquemos
jadear	jadeemos
jorobar	jorobéis
desocupar	desocupase
despolitizar	despolitizaseis
arropar	arropa
transgredir	transgredido
lubricar	lubrico
repeler	repeliera
dormitar	dormitarían
escalonar	escalonar
obrar	obraríais
reelegir	reelegís
empobrecer	empobrece
amarrar	amarraré
gelificarse	se gelifica
popularizar	popularizaras
tonificar	tonificaba
proyectar	proyectaba
tontear	tonteáramos
sofreír	sofriere
menar	mene
enrabietar	enrabietamos
instilar	instilaré
producir	produjisteis
destemplar	destemplares
facilitar	facilitados
aguijar	aguijareis
parecer	parecieras
consonar	no consonéis
catapultar	catapultara
restregar	restregabais
raer	raería
limitar	limitara
acartonarse	no se acartonen
apaniguar	apaniguaréis
mimetizar	mimetice
residir	reside
despolvar	despolvéis
capolar	capolaban
asumir	asumisteis
descontaminar	descontaminen
ennegrecer	no ennegrezca
gangrenar	gangrenáis
trasnochar	trasnochaban
alburear	alburearás
atraer	atraeríais
afimar	afimarían
azulejar	azuleje
matonear	matoneareis
toser	tosías
flipar	flipase
inhumar	no inhumes
resolver	no resuelvan
honorar	honorarais
prepararse	nos preparásemos
topetar	topetar
coaligar	coaligaremos
aventar	aventemos
bloquear	bloqueare
versar	no verséis
baquiar	baquiareis
imputar	imputares
exagerar	exageren
osar	osara
abaratar	no abaratéis
enrevesar	enrevesabais
desternillar	desternillare
irrumpir	irrumpirían
lesionar	lesionabais
lagartear	lagarteaban
intercalar	intercala
desequilibrarse	se desequilibre
enmaderar	enmaderarían
cotillear	cotilleara
calcar	calcáramos
referirse	nos referiríamos
enfriar	enfriarás
remediar	remediaran
vacilar	vacilareis
enajenar	enajenemos
macharse	nos macháremos
mulcer	mulzan
pertenecer	perteneceré
oralizar	oralizaras
enfardar	no enfardemos
macollar	macollásemos
achicharrar	achicharrare
enganchar	engancharía
apoderar	apoderare
barnizar	barnizaseis
radicar	radicaríamos
abusar	abusabas
adecuar	adecuemos
esgrimir	esgrimirás
relumbrar	relumbro
ansiar	ansiamos
desencadenar	desencadenando
mearse	meado
remangar	remangase
desgravar	desgravabais
tapiar	tapio
atiesar	atiesaras
equilibrar	equilibremos
ensortijar	ensortijada
afanar	no afanéis
saborear	saboreemos
bofetear	bofetearais
encajar	encajaban
chispear	chispeo
continuar	continuar
anonadar	anonadaste
finar	no finemos
checar	checaremos
embarazar	embarazarán
entristecer	entristecía
abatanar	abatanara
toquetear	toqueteamos
infartarse	nos infartemos
compincharse	te compincharás
especular	especular
consagrar	no consagréis
laurear	laureas
retundir	retundamos
suplantar	suplantáramos
recolocar	recolocaría
ahijar	ahijáis
remarcar	remarcadas
acercarse	me acercaba
traspasar	no traspase
regionalizar	no regionalicéis
distender	distendieren
chisparse	nos chispásemos
envalentonar	envalentonasen
regoldar	regoldado
votar	votamos
rehuir	rehuisteis
empobrecer	empobrecieren
zambullirse	zambullido
contundir	contundiré
despedazar	despedazaríamos
desvariar	desvaries
repartir	repartís
recrear	recreó
evadir	evada
hincar	hincabas
ofertar	ofertaremos
malvivir	malviva
victimar	victimare
inferir	inferirán
recaudar	recaudaron
pender	pendisteis
sincerarse	nos sinceraríamos
cristianizar	cristianizadas
granular	granule
samplear	sampleáramos
confirmar	confirmara
sobrevalorar	sobrevalorasteis
amasijar	amasijemos
edulcorar	edulcorases
fortificar	fortificarán
decelerar	no deceleremos
repintar	repintéis
limar	lime
infiltrar	infiltrada
arrear	arrees
enlodar	enlodabais
solapar	solaparía
escabechar	escabechad
estigmatizar	estigmatizáramos
fulgurar	fulguraremos
enramar	enrames
atrofiar	atrofiase
alunizar	no alunicen
abonar	abonaríais
purificar	purificáramos
bañarse	bañémonos
zozobrar	zozobro
difamar	difamad
permitirse	no se permita
repantingarse	repantingadas
frangir	frangirían
embuchar	embuchabais
languidecer	languidecíamos
deglutir	deglutíamos
defeccionar	defeccionado
cintilar	cintiló
incardinar	incardinan
enfrascar	enfrascara
vehiculizar	vehiculizasen
obsequiar	obsequiare
descentralizar	descentralizase
encaminar	encaminó
asignar	no asigne
confesar	confesaré
armar	armasen
liquidar	liquidamos
algoparse	se algopan
insidiar	insidiamos
sumar	sumo
agudizar	agudizaría
saquear	saquea
exculpar	exculpabais
arrendar	no arrendéis
rizar	rizarán
compulsar	compulsados
garabatear	garabatead
copiar	copiaren
pigmentar	pigmentásemos
vigilar	vigilaría
cebar	no cebemos
flotar	flotare
desbaratar	desbaratarás
descansar	descansaron
colorear	coloreada
expansionar	expansionásemos
embrujar	embrujare
atracar	no atraquéis
tripular	tripulas
germinar	germiné
disipar	disipaba
desencontrarse	se desencuentran
escotar	escotaras
aguantar	aguantados
fibrilar	fibrilaran
dimisionar	dimisionará
orbitar	orbitasen
escarnecer	escarneciesen
labrar	no labres
desaparecer	desaparezco
escabullir	escabullía
evadir	evadirás
nidificar	nidificados
gozar	gocé
enmugrar	enmugraríais
encuadrar	encuadré
acongojar	no acongoje
acoplarse	te acoplases
laicizar	laicizados
erosionar	erosionases
encarrilar	no encarrilen
negociar	negociaba
vislumbrar	vislumbra
universalizar	universalizáis
congeniar	congeniaras
traficar	traficaran
arrastrar	no arrastren
prologar	prologara
oxidar	oxidada
climatizar	climatizarías
destartalar	destartalases
sucitar	sucitadas
retroceder	retrocedéis
industrializar	industrializaría
apanar	apanasen
acribillar	acribilléis
destapar	destape
parlamentar	parlamentaseis
desbarrar	desbarrada
derramar	derramando
masticar	masticadas
delinquir	delinco
desposeer	desposeyendo
desengañar	desengañaron
gilipollear	gilipollee
chambear	chambeáramos
galantear	galanteaba
apilar	apiló
desvariar	desvariase
fundar	fundara
conjeturar	conjeturen
vedar	vedareis
bastar	bastares
sulfatar	sulfataseis
atender	atendimos
plebiscitar	plebiscitaste
afanar	afanaba
entintar	entintaste
abrasar	abrasaríais
aliñar	aliñaría
abatirse	se abatirán
descorchar	descorcharais
moldear	moldeé
columbrar	columbrasen
interconectar	interconectaron
abrillantar	abrillantaseis
desaparecer	desaparecerán
bloguear	blogueadas
comenzar	comenzada
soslayar	soslaye
instigar	instigaban
polemizar	polemizarán
visitar	visitabas
anonimizar	anonimizáremos
refulgir	refuljo
cohibir	cohibirá
huevear	hueveasen
convergir	convergía
almibarar	almibara
ir	vais
pujar	pujaba
ameritar	ameritare
cosechar	no cosechéis
denigrar	denigraste
envergonzar	envergonzaren
cristalizar	cristalizaréis
leudar	leuden
esterilizar	esterilicen
declinar	declinásemos
apuntalar	apuntale
agenciar	agenciando
amacollar	amacolladas
reflotar	reflotares
machucar	machucásemos
imputar	imputaran
cundir	cundid
desenfundar	desenfundaréis
trebejar	trebejada
enmarañar	enmarañar
bizquear	bizquead
racionalizar	racionalizaban
zambullir	zambullan
sustanciar	sustanciasteis
centellar	centellare
excoriar	excories
singar	singáis
presidir	presidieseis
carpir	carpió
malfuncionar	malfuncionen
mejorarse	nos mejoráramos
destacar	destacaba
familiarizar	familiarizaras
recluir	recluía
atiesar	atiesaron
quemar	quemásemos
hostilizar	hostilizasteis
desmarimbar	desmarimbara
pescuecear	pescuecea
farrear	farreó
tintinear	no tintineemos
incendiar	incendiabais
clorinar	clorinad
reanudar	reanuden
parquear	parqueen
rembolsar	rembolsáramos
cocer	cocía
alegrar	alegras
profetizar	profetizásemos
consonar	consonéis
exasperar	exasperar
fumigar	fumigaren
remunerar	remuneráremos
agusanar	agusanaré
alfombrar	alfombrare
irse	se irían
clavar	clavases
espolear	espoleen
colegir	colige
planchar	planché
elevar	elevaré
malacostumbrar	no malacostumbre
justar	justen
gorronear	gorroneare
proyectar	no proyectes
farolear	farolear
concadenar	concadenaría
ennegrecer	ennegreces
precocinar	precocinando
argüendear	argüendeaste
caducar	caducare
congraciar	congraciaras
levitar	levitare
telefonear	telefonearíais
cabildear	cabildeamos
llamar	llamaseis
sobrellenar	sobrellenaras
escodar	no escodemos
vivaquear	vivaquead
finir	no finamos
fechar	fecharen
chacharear	chachareásemos
acondicionar	acondicionare
abarrotar	abarrotabas
connotar	connotáramos
afluir	afluyese
empotrar	empotrabas
cafichear	caficheáramos
eclosionar	eclosionarais
estampar	estampaban
desglosar	desglosado
machacar	machacando
peronizar	peronizados
amagar	amagó
entubar	entubara
cobrar	cobres
corroborar	corroborad
filtrar	filtraras
aherrojar	aherrojarán
combar	combemos
animar	animadas
pulsar	pulsar
hostilizar	hostilizares
dietar	dietó
descollar	descuelle
robar	robado
galantear	galanteados
empeller	empellere
reemprender	reemprendías
encender	encenderías
apropiar	apropiaríais
autogestionarse	autogestione
abaratar	abaratare
albergar	albergadas
entenebrecer	entenebreciésemos
catar	catamos
taparse	me tapo
zapear	zapeas
mugir	mugía
expresar	expresando
italianizar	no italianicéis
templar	no templemos
singar	singadas
chafar	chafaban
embanderar	no embandere
sonorizar	no sonoricemos
explicar	no expliquemos
encuadrar	encuadrasteis
zozobrar	zozobrase
deshumanizar	deshumanizado
mimeografiar	mimeografíe
reabsorber	reabsorbiere
driblar	driblan
estropear	estropearías
combatir	combata
musicalizar	musicalizásemos
enconar	enconen
emplazar	emplazáis
orinar	orinamos
implantarse	se implantasen
serpentear	serpentee
desposeer	desposeyéramos
represar	represados
oxigenar	oxigenareis
torturar	torturaran
propulsar	propulsase
instaurar	instauraseis
desconfiar	desconfiado
enrojecer	enrojeciese
condimentar	condimentó
encriptar	encriptadas
exorcizar	exorcizas
infamar	infamábamos
cancelar	cancelaría
reexpedir	reexpidieras
dispersar	dispersáis
relajar	relajases
vosear	voseemos
retrotraer	retrotrajésemos
desescombrar	desescombro
conceptualizar	conceptualizáramos
dilatar	dilataremos
iluminar	iluminar
apear	apeamos
profetizar	profetizados
homologar	homologuen
amainar	amainaría
clasificarse	os clasificabais
reformar	reformarais
aojar	aojaremos
sazonar	sazonados
tañer	tañeses
ambicionar	ambicionásemos
deshebrar	deshebraban
coproducir	coproducidos
salmodiar	salmodiad
oír	oyereis
guarecer	guarecíamos
rebobinar	rebobina
agendar	agendaste
invitar	invitases
hendir	hendidas
escindir	escindiremos
delimitar	delimitados
apuntar	apuntamos
modernizar	modernizan
aboyar	no aboyemos
descoordinar	descoordinabas
pavonearse	os pavoneareis
detestar	detestaban
fintar	fintaras
agrisar	agrisasen
denominar	denominado
despampanar	despampanarían
redirigir	rediriges
renguear	rengueare
convivir	conviva
moquear	moqueé
yodurar	yoduraba
empantanar	empantanábamos
exportar	exportasteis
destituir	destituyeran
camuflar	camuflaría
pescuecear	pescueceare
vidriar	vidriarán
geminar	no geminéis
forzar	forzare
noquear	noquearía
cancelar	cancelaras
durar	durada
obstruir	obstruyeren
carretear	carretearé
reprochar	reprocharían
adjuntar	adjuntan
rebanar	rebanaríais
empatar	empatarán
loquear	loquearía
imanar	no imanen
ahorcar	ahorquemos
huir	huimos
alargar	alargase
conjeturar	conjeturarás
optimizar	optimizases
propalar	propalarás
adjudicar	adjudicaseis
enrabietar	enrabietada
sonrojar	sonrojas
bachear	bacheases
crear	crearía
notificar	notificare
emulsionar	emulsiona
enquistar	enquistaren
taponar	taponara
espiar	espiara
esforzar	esforzares
federalizar	federalizaseis
deparar	deparad
ensanchar	ensancharais
remorder	remordiese
encalar	encalaría
signar	signamos
fusionar	fusionáremos
prevalecer	prevaleciese
desinhibir	desinhiba
galvanizar	galvanizaren
controlar	controláramos
dotar	dotábamos
desvincular	no desvinculéis
devaluar	devaluarais
arruinar	arruinareis
guionar	no guionemos
seguir	seguías
caer	caigáis
revenir	revienen
barbar	barbares
pontificar	pontifiquéis
contrademandar	contrademandará
permanecer	permaneciere
rebatar	rebataríamos
alertar	alertábamos
copar	no copemos
fastidiar	fastidiaron
alternar	alternareis
situar	situaban
cucharear	cuchareéis
pasar	no pasemos
tiritar	tiritasen
romancear	romanceáremos
asumir	asumiría
fraguar	fraguares
singar	singara
pertenecerse	me pertenecería
retraer	retraería
encalar	encales
estigmatizar	estigmatizara
proceder	procediese
destraillar	destrailléis
mesarse	nos mesamos
relucir	reluciese
descollar	descollases
dividir	dividía
satirizar	satiriza
reteñir	reteñiré
espolvorear	espolvorease
blasfemar	blasfemada
subarrendar	subarrendaren
recalentar	recalentarán
ahuecar	ahuecaba
fufar	fufemos
ahechar	ahechan
escurrir	escurriría
alimentar	alimentada
sesgar	sesguemos
refunfuñar	refunfuñabas
lastimarse	lastimado
espumar	espumaba
privar	privaréis
reaprovechar	reaprovechó
bañarse	te bañas
reír	reiríamos
tamizar	tamizado
ahormar	ahormare
cosechar	cosecharíais
fraguar	fraguaríamos
cortejar	cortejaban
incursionar	incursionamos
redireccionar	redireccionábamos
zanganear	zanganea
rumorar	rumorabais
creer	crean
ringar	ringara
recalar	recalare
consultar	consultada
retraducir	retraducirás
descoyuntar	descoyuntaríamos
intentar	intentarían
avisar	avisase
escaquearse	te escaqueases
prologar	prologue
puentear	puenteares
oprimir	oprimiría
testar	testen
detraer	detraiga
reactivar	reactivéis
evanescer	evanesciésemos
tensar	tensen
ocasionar	ocasionas
lamber	lamban
despersonalizar	despersonalizaré
alquilar	alquilemos
consolar	consolases
martirizar	martirizarais
deferir	defirieron
tiranizar	tiranizáremos
proveer	provean
impender	impendidos
desestabilizar	desestabilicéis
rallar	rallase
deslocalizar	deslocalizado
tutelar	tutelamos
excluir	excluirías
gafar	gafáramos
desaguar	desagüe
humanizar	humanizarais
vallar	vallen
coartar	coartasteis
metalizar	metalizaría
dificultar	dificultada
zampar	zampará
laxar	laxa
recalificar	recalificar
tabular	tabulará
abominar	abominad
pesquisar	pesquisa
estornudar	estornudase
polir	poliereis
atestiguar	no atestigüen
desmantelar	desmanteláramos
gelatinizar	no gelatinicemos
tornear	torneamos
apoyarse	me apoyaría
abrir	abrieseis
encapsular	encapsulare
rutilar	rutilaran
interdecir	interdigáis
teclear	teclear
calentar	calentareis
pasear	paséense
substraer	substrajeran
tusar	tusarías
encorvar	encorvados
ahincar	ahincaremos
emigrar	emigramos
intrigar	intrigad
cejar	cejáramos
salvar	salvarías
aburujar	aburujan
peronizar	no peronicéis
azotar	azotemos
perjurar	perjuramos
acantorar	acantorabas
ajusticiar	ajustician
desertizar	desertiza
centrifugar	centrifugaríamos
alabear	alabeáremos
requerir	no requiera
ensuciar	ensuciares
desempañar	desempañadas
tumultuar	tumultuareis
maniatar	maniate
tranzar	trancéis
ladear	ladearían
universalizar	universalizaba
litigar	litigarías
depredar	depredareis
desintoxicar	desintoxicarían
desequilibrar	desequilibre
multiplicar	multiplicamos
labrar	labrase
acurrucarse	nos acurrucáramos
afirmar	afirmásemos
guiar	guiados
espetar	espeté
desatar	desataran
embragar	embragad
coordinar	coordinara
pegarse	se pega
balotar	no balotéis
librar	libraren
detentar	detento
corporizar	no corporicemos
religar	religuen
espantar	espantad
ensillar	ensillábamos
charlatanear	charlatanearemos
reunificar	reunifiquen
rutilar	rutilarán
metastatizar	metastatizaré
clasificarse	clasifíquense
internalizar	internalizareis
refacturar	refacturases
favorecer	favorecieren
licuar	licuáis
burilar	burilaría
desgranar	desgranados
estarcir	estarciésemos
atolondrar	atolondro
glosar	glosábamos
superar	superará
deshidratar	deshidratarás
desplumar	no desplumemos
venenciar	venenciábamos
ablandar	ablandemos
bañarse	se bañaba
aplicar	aplicarás
novelar	novelábamos
chinchar	chincharé
trazar	trazará
reaparecer	reapareciere
empañar	empañase
mellar	mellaran
malherir	malherí
repavimentar	repavimentarán
alijarar	alijaramos
templar	templáramos
silenciar	silenciare
descontinuar	descontinúen
arengar	arengando
cafichar	caficharon
afianzar	afianzarías
desclasificar	desclasificaseis
robar	robaríamos
metaforizar	metaforizarán
escudar	escudares
barbarizar	barbarice
concebir	concebíais
refulgir	refulgirá
rematar	rematando
embarcar	embarquemos
competer	competa
simpatizar	simpatizarán
afiliar	afilío
facturar	facturases
ningunear	ninguneará
iluminar	ilumine
abrazar	no abrace
reanimar	reanimad
capar	capáramos
cegar	cegase
trasformar	no trasformes
rehuir	rehuíamos
podar	podasen
permear	permeábamos
rebobinar	rebobinareis
reforestar	reforestaréis
propender	propendamos
granular	granulen
implementar	implementarán
embolsillar	embolsille
encomiar	encomiando
arremolinarse	nos arremolinamos
entrevenir	entrevengan
desvainar	desvainemos
domesticar	domesticarán
driblear	driblearan
pronosticar	pronosticaste
imbricar	imbricaría
forzar	forzábamos
rotular	rotulaste
culturar	culturemos
categorizar	categorizaron
trapear	trapeo
materializar	materializado
enmarañar	enmarañarías
ustedear	ustedeases
encabronar	encabronaste
relanzar	relanzáremos
vulcanizar	vulcanizaría
embocar	emboquen
incurrir	incurren
dinamizar	dinamizando
endrogarse	endrogada
indignar	indignarán
debelar	debele
alechugar	alechugaron
pausar	no pausen
totalizar	totalizaría
felicitar	felicite
reincorporar	reincorporaba
conjuntar	conjuntó
adecentar	adecente
ladear	ladearíamos
desagraviar	desagraviarían
indultar	indultarían
encorvar	encorvasteis
hormigonar	hormigonas
geolocalizar	geolocalizas
precintar	precintará
proteger	protegías
bromear	bromeásemos
superar	superaríais
interrelacionar	interrelaciona
presenciar	presenciáramos
pillar	pillaste
casarse	no se case
arrebujar	arrebujasteis
deslocalizar	deslocalizases
encauzar	encauzáremos
empollar	empollará
enguatar	enguate
alegrar	alegráremos
reconfigurar	reconfigurando
gorgotear	gorgoteáremos
avalar	avalaron
deponer	depondrás
tornar	tornas
reestrenar	reestrenarían
soñar	soñase
frangir	frangiereis
encabronar	encabronarían
astreñir	astriñésemos
preocupar	preocupo
cartelizar	cartelice
mover	movería
subordinar	subordinaran
oralizar	oralizaban
desabotonar	desabotonéis
esnifar	esnifadas
escudriñar	escudriñare
conmutar	conmuten
desaliñar	desaliñábamos
efundir	no efundan
retraer	retrajeseis
suicidarse	se suicidarían
derretir	derritiendo
enfadarse	te enfadares
desvariar	desvarian
habilitar	habilitan
impagar	impaga
macharse	se macharen
elucubrar	elucubraron
hipnotizar	hipnotizaré
rechazar	rechazáramos
substraer	substraían
pulir	pulieres
valer	valieres
achinar	achines
reencauzar	reencauzaré
glorificar	glorificarán
masar	masasteis
frangir	franja
granular	granulaba
desertizar	desertizarás
suponer	supuesta
temblequear	temblequeará
subyugar	subyugaremos
empacar	empacábamos
visitar	visitabais
engastar	engastare
tremer	tremieseis
desunir	desuniste
lisonjear	lisonjease
esplender	esplendierais
algoparse	te algopas
mutar	mutasen
decaer	decaiga
amoblar	no amoblemos
sulfurar	sulfuraría
ascender	ascendidas
entrever	entreveo
puntuar	puntuaba
numerar	numeran
arredrar	arredró
guindar	guindaren
idolatrar	idolatre
vulcanizar	vulcanizaras
desconchar	desconche
languidecer	languidecerás
ameritar	ameritara
aflorar	aflorada
denotar	denotaría
nacionalizar	nacionalicen
sancionar	sancionaseis
contradecir	contradijo
atascar	atascasteis
pretender	no pretenda
embellecer	no embellezcáis
deber	debería
desconvocar	desconvoca
esgrimir	esgrimir
trancar	trancabais
intervenir	intervengan
desposar	despose
trillar	trillarían
fumar	fumé
desempacar	desempacarás
cuidarse	nos cuidaríamos
amoratarse	se amorataba
trascender	trascendiera
zuzar	zuzaran
estilizar	estilizasteis
esperar	esperara
tornar	torne
enfrascar	enfrasque
adversar	adversó
idear	ideaba
trasfigurar	trasfigurad
tamizar	tamizas
indignar	indignéis
servir	servida
empapar	no empape
rebatar	no rebates
apañar	apañada
desarrollar	desarrollaste
escodar	escodases
destripar	destripen
recomprar	recompras
gravitar	gravitaba
escardar	no escardéis
reencontrar	reencontrasteis
huir	huye
marcar	marcar
desdramatizar	desdramatizabais
aguzar	aguzaste
encarar	encaras
relamer	relamíamos
poseer	poseyesen
vadear	vadeáramos
enfadar	enfadamos
abarloar	abarloados
marginalizar	marginalizares
amarrar	amarrarais
desarticular	desarticularás
descolocar	descolocarán
movilizar	movilizaréis
medrar	medra
refunfuñar	refunfuñaría
sobrecalentar	sobrecalentarás
chorear	chorearé
desbordar	desbordasen
arponear	arponead
antedecir	antedigan
amueblar	amueblarás
punir	punieras
revitalizar	revitalizaría
amoratarse	nos amorataríamos
adoquinar	adoquinaría
normar	normares
desarropar	desarropado
apagarse	apaguémonos
trincar	trincaran
meter	metida
indultar	indultaríais
rehilar	no rehilemos
aturullar	aturullaríais
fincar	fincarán
morigerar	morigere
melgar	no melguéis
exudar	exudaba
peticionar	peticionarás
aplegar	no aplieguen
antiguar	antiguábamos
hibernar	hibernaba
dictaminar	dictaminare
vocear	voceara
resembrar	resembré
desvalorizar	desvalorizaré
abancalar	no abancales
regobernar	regoberno
cristianizar	cristianizados
maravillar	maravillados
anexar	no anexe
escoriar	escorian
razonar	razonas
zurcir	zurcimos
googlear	no googlee
hiperventilar	hiperventiles
combar	combásemos
reafirmar	reafirmaste
destocar	destocarías
enviciar	enviciare
resetear	reseteábamos
acantorar	acantorarías
ducharse	me ducharía
arquear	arqueabas
invisibilizar	invisibilizases
reargüir	reargüimos
rojear	rojearé
jactarse	te jactes
subdividir	subdivido
ocurrir	ocurriéremos
asignar	asignados
internar	internó
rehabilitar	rehabilitaban
abducir	abduzcas
marchitar	marchite
linchar	lincharías
embarazar	embarazara
variar	variara
likear	likeare
nominalizar	nominalizas
rodear	rodea
revertir	revertiremos
arrojar	arrojaseis
deconstruir	deconstruías
entonar	no entone
desembarazar	desembarazando
ningunear	ninguneases
auditar	auditare
desmerecer	desmerecías
agotar	agotarán
evidenciar	evidencio
camuflajear	camuflajeáramos
grafitear	grafitearíais
latir	latirá
hartar	no harte
preterir	pretiriera
drogar	drogaríamos
vitrificar	vitrificara
retar	retaseis
pintarrajear	pintarrajearía
acatar	acatareis
tapear	tapeare
apartar	apartarás
comentar	comentar
desmejorar	desmejoran
lazar	lazamos
deformar	deformó
desencantar	desencantaréis
cenar	cenen
totalizar	totalizaran
almidonar	almidonad
palmear	palmeó
denegar	denegase
desnivelar	no desnivelemos
putear	puteases
enlucir	enlucido
airear	aireaseis
atinar	atinaremos
terraplenar	terraplenará
hostigar	hostigaría
vivir	vivió
atestiguar	atestigüé
confligir	confligiré
florear	no florees
tranquilizar	tranquilizáis
teorizar	teoricéis
comandar	comandar
toldar	toldáis
nacionalizar	nacionalizases
entrar	entrara
entreoír	entreoí
purpurar	purpures
desplegar	desplegarán
regionalizar	regionalizaréis
bonificar	bonificando
reaccionar	reaccionarán
espeluznar	espeluzna
perturbar	perturben
rajuñar	rajuñáis
bostezar	bostezábamos
cautivar	cautivados
espolear	espolearemos
llorar	lloraré
emular	emulares
cohonder	cohondieras
imponer	impusierais
petardear	petardeáramos
reportar	reportáramos
aupar	aupases
añorar	añoraremos
fosforilar	fosforilaría
justar	justaron
taquillar	taquillaban
vanagloriarse	vanagloriado
okupar	okuparan
amasijar	amasije
contener	contened
depreciar	deprecie
barbar	barbaron
protocolizar	protocolizar
encolar	encoléis
restallar	restalláremos
suscribir	suscribieses
infantilizar	infantilizábamos
redirigir	redirijamos
temperar	temperase
almacenar	almacenábamos
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugue
espumar	espuméis
denigrar	denigro
retirar	retiren
tripular	tripulara
apatrullar	apatrullabas
distorsionar	distorsionaren
rechistar	rechisto
inmolar	inmolaste
revolver	revolviéramos
okupar	okupe
confeccionar	confeccionaren
cohabitar	cohabites
brindar	brindaba
frasear	fraseasen
repatriar	repatriares
timar	timaríamos
samplear	samplease
desligar	desligarían
desfigurar	desfiguraba
rolar	rolaras
fruncir	fruncirían
prefigurar	prefiguraron
dosificar	dosificareis
cegar	cegáis
mimeografiar	mimeografiaba
personalizar	personalice
engominar	engominase
disputar	disputasen
nixtamalizar	nixtamalizaste
flanquear	flanquee
enmaderar	enmaderaríamos
liderar	liderase
deslocalizar	deslocalizaría
detallar	detalles
arremangar	no arremanguemos
convidar	convidarías
decir	decía
precocinar	precocinabas
computarizar	no computaricéis
punir	puniera
mangar	mangamos
degradar	degradando
aparear	aparead
terraformar	terraforméis
decretar	decretas
argumentar	no argumenten
acribillar	acribillaras
acobardar	acobardéis
rayar	rayares
subir	subiese
reenviar	reenviarías
fosilizarse	nos fosilizamos
significar	significaren
yapar	yapó
desmadrar	desmadres
apalancar	apalancaremos
reaprovechar	reaprovechaba
bañarse	nos bañaremos
perfilar	perfilaras
yacer	yacieres
discontinuar	discontinuó
oler	oliesen
agarrotar	agarroto
aguijonear	aguijoneábamos
selfiar	selfiaríamos
desapalancar	desapalanquemos
triplicar	triplicaran
embarcar	embarcará
deliberar	deliberaba
elaborar	elaborase
fundamentar	fundamentarían
arietar	arietasen
adosar	adosareis
enmudecer	enmudeciéremos
obstinar	obstinarán
botar	botarías
enemistar	no enemistes
desfavorecer	desfavoreciese
bromear	bromeó
clarificar	clarificábamos
taparse	se tapara
prepintar	prepintaría
predecir	predichas
amansar	amansaría
blofear	blofeara
tercerizar	tercerizaremos
rebelar	no rebele
abotonar	abotonásemos
irrogar	irrogaréis
guiar	guiabais
clarear	clareáramos
patentizar	patentizara
recetar	recetando
izar	izaron
clasificar	clasificadas
descalzar	descalzarais
ensillar	ensilláremos
clavetear	clavetease
funcionar	funcionaba
cultivar	cultiváramos
descortezar	descortezare
lucir	luciremos
antever	antevieres
ostentar	ostentaríais
manifestar	manifestaba
financiar	financiará
granjear	granjees
laborar	laborásemos
esterilizar	esterilicemos
paralizar	paralizáramos
estrenar	estrenamos
desbrozar	desbrozarían
fletar	fletando
trasmutar	trasmuté
ondular	ondulaba
motivar	no motiven
reasentar	reasentares
desasir	desasid
tiranizar	tiranizare
amoratarse	nos amorataremos
despampanar	despampanarán
emparedar	emparedaréis
desuscribir	desuscribieran
engranar	engranemos
rebelar	rebelada
fruncir	frunciré
apestar	apestasen
atraillar	atraillares
valuar	valuaríamos
rebozar	rebozad
caber	quepáis
insumir	insumen
reconducir	reconduzca
despreciar	despreciamos
retroceder	retrocederán
ratear	ratearía
deterger	no deterjas
hackear	hackearen
enfebrecer	enfebrecerás
remojar	remojáramos
trazar	trazados
recombinar	recombinados
trasvasar	trasvasaron
correrse	córranse
nutrir	nutriéramos
abañar	abañares
titubear	titubearon
observar	observará
alambicar	alambicaría
negar	negase
rociar	roció
mentalizar	mentalizares
conservar	conservaría
devastar	devastabas
revolcar	revuelca
coreografiar	coreografiaras
desencajar	desencajo
hibernar	hibernaría
escarnecer	escarneciésemos
descocer	descocieres
infestar	infestará
funcionar	funcionases
laicizar	laicizarían
deflagrar	deflagren
descontextualizar	descontextualizaran
voltear	voltee
compadecer	compadezcamos
lengüetear	lengüetee
individualizar	individualizan
graznar	graznáremos
apretar	no apriete
atrofiar	no atrofiéis
abrochar	abrocharemos
costar	costarían
embargar	embargásemos
desdecir	desdecir
irse	nos iríamos
encumbrar	encumbres
gemir	gemid
concretar	concretadas
bofetear	bofeteabais
cronometrar	cronometraron
fungir	fungí
moldear	moldease
rediseñar	rediseñadas
transcribir	transcribiere
destituir	destituía
requisar	requisasen
baldar	baldaríais
amigar	amigásemos
venderse	os vendierais
estallar	estallemos
recomendar	recomendare
recuadrar	recuadraste
reposar	reposemos
patear	patearen
refrigerar	refrigerarían
chismear	chismearan
malvivir	malviven
acceder	accede
ejecutar	ejecutan
putañear	putañeando
criopreservar	criopreservaren
pungir	pungiría
marchitar	marchitaréis
reformular	reformules
peronizar	peronizase
recolectar	recolectare
vislumbrar	vislumbráremos
echarse	no se echen
disimular	no disimule
despojar	despojaran
acordonar	acordonar
cooperar	cooperare
licuar	licuar
condicionar	condicionaba
normar	normaran
colegir	coligiere
catalizar	catalice
camuflar	camuflar
coleguear	coleguearían
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugares
agacharse	se agachaba
coludir	coludáis
mover	moved
asentar	asentéis
apabullar	apabullaron
amortiguar	amortiguados
adobar	adobaba
coaccionar	coaccionaría
culminar	culminara
subvencionar	subvencionaban
cosquillear	cosquillee
enfatizar	enfaticemos
localizar	localizamos
aprehender	no aprehendáis
repercutir	repercutáis
festonear	festoneases
neviscar	nevisca
celebrar	celebraren
reacondicionar	reacondicionáis
desenvainar	desenvaine
limitar	limitare
escaldar	escaldadas
postensar	postensásemos
terminar	no termines
sermonear	sermoneando
americanizar	no americanicemos
raer	rayeseis
emparentar	emparentaría
marcir	marzan
rentar	rentaban
disfrazar	disfrazarais
desencontrarse	me desencontrase
sacralizar	sacralicéis
abrotoñar	abrotoñaras
quejarse	quéjate
revalorizar	revalorizaren
versear	versearás
reverenciar	reverenciaremos
abdicar	no abdique
pulverizar	pulverizaré
encalar	encalara
exhumar	exhumen
deconstruir	deconstruíais
encorsetar	encorsetasteis
desleír	deslieren
insumir	insumíamos
conformar	conformó
jibarizar	no jibaricéis
borbollar	borbollo
vocear	voceen
subvertir	subvertiríais
descafeinar	descafeinarían
aguar	aguase
racionalizar	racionalizará
estelarizar	estelarizará
despistar	despisten
enojar	enojad
montar	montan
festinar	festináramos
etiquetar	etiquetaste
adiestrar	adiestra
aojar	aojar
aplicarse	os aplicaseis
conformarse	confórmense
muñir	muña
abotargarse	abotárguese
tañer	tañéremos
engarzar	engarzarás
reentrar	reentráramos
perpetrar	perpetraren
catolizar	catolizaseis
abofetear	abofeteare
ingeniar	ingeniáis
ayustar	ayustareis
ablandarse	ablandémonos
cachar	cache
abacorar	abacorarías
desempeñar	desempeñábamos
desplomarse	desplomada
industrializar	industrializase
interceder	intercedía
condonar	condonaríais
florear	floreo
brutalizar	brutalizaras
fugarse	os fugaseis
ensanchar	ensanchares
despampanar	despampanases
acicalar	acicalas
atestiguar	atestiguábamos
vitrificar	vitrifique
mencionar	mencionasen
toller	no tolláis
avistar	avistaron
realinear	realineará
convulsionar	convulsionaríamos
desfilar	desfilan
apilar	apiles
pochear	pocheada
moderar	moderarán
taconear	taconearas
recamar	recamarás
admirar	admirarían
engrupir	engrupiese
reasignar	reasignaré
noquear	noquearemos
pararse	se pararían
balar	balarás
cotorrear	no cotorrees
edulcorar	edulcora
abrochar	abrochase
agradecer	agradezca
desbandar	desbandaríais
predestinar	predestine
temblequear	temblequeen
luchar	luchó
irrigar	irriguéis
obstruir	obstruyamos
retrasar	retrasaría
ayuntar	ayunte
tabular	tabuláremos
enarbolar	enarbole
aponer	apondremos
irrigar	irriguen
mojar	mojarais
ayuntar	ayuntaron
lastimar	lastimaban
dimensionar	dimensionasen
estirar	estiraba
embalsar	embalsamos
favorecer	favoreciéremos
bautizar	no bauticemos
empinar	empinábamos
divagar	divagasen
rusificar	rusificas
aguzar	aguzáramos
reflejar	reflejamos
babear	babeen
colgar	colgaron
traspirar	no traspire
mencionar	mencionase
mimar	mimad
constipar	constipan
alegar	alegare
estancarse	me estancare
enjugar	enjugaren
sobornar	sobornamos
avasallar	avasallasteis
aprestarse	os aprestaseis
archivar	archivasen
empanar	empanaron
lonchear	lonchean
desparecer	desparezcamos
banquetear	banqueteábamos
divinar	divines
rehabilitar	rehabiliten
ejecutar	ejecutes
procrastinar	procrastinaríais
anticipar	anticipemos
destronar	destronarían
generalizar	generalizamos
abogar	abogara
mechar	mechabas
filar	filarían
currar	currarais
capear	capeásemos
desposar	desposéis
coadyuvar	coadyuvarán
arramplar	arramplemos
hundir	hundiera
cairelar	cairelara
hipnotizar	hipnotizará
apegarse	se apegaran
llegar	llegaría
franquiciar	franquiciare
hervir	hervimos
desapasionar	desapasionaríais
lacerar	lacerarías
subvencionar	subvencionando
misar	misar
sostener	sostendré
escariar	escariares
autorizar	autorizamos
derrelinquir	derrelinquiera
desencajar	desencajasen
jorobar	jorobaremos
detallar	detallara
wikificar	wikificado
ridiculizar	no ridiculices
implicar	implicaren
autodestruirse	autodestruidas
amordazar	amordazáramos
frivolizar	no frivolices
implantar	implantarais
suputar	no suputéis
autoengañarse	me autoengañaría
desregular	desregulabas
temer	temieron
abejonear	abejonearás
compartimentar	compartimentases
revocar	revocáremos
pavonearse	se pavonearon
rasguear	rasgueas
flamear	flameen
desalinear	desalineara
empalagar	empalagaren
sanjar	sanjare
engrandecer	engrandeces
trasoír	trasoyerais
descontextualizar	descontextualizasen
portar	portaron
resonar	resuene
desmadrar	desmadra
racionalizar	no racionalicen
maravillar	maravillaba
demudar	no demude
acarrear	acarreamos
manar	manarías
descomponer	descomponías
revalorizar	revalorizarais
reestabilizar	reestabilizaréis
deslenguar	deslenguo
prohibir	prohibiéremos
favorecer	no favorezcáis
poder	pudiendo
textear	texteábamos
cubrir	cubrirse
estarcir	estarciríamos
concordar	concordaras
caldear	no caldeéis
reproducir	reproducían
copular	copuléis
concientizar	no concientices
perturbar	perturbaréis
ocultarse	me ocultaré
abaluartar	abaluartadas
bolear	boleares
pedorrear	pedorrearía
simultanear	simultanearen
recomendar	recomendarán
relatar	relatas
ironizar	ironizaras
empezar	empezado
acalorarse	os acaloréis
conmemorar	conmemoremos
acotolar	acotolad
ofrendar	ofrendabas
envolver	no envolváis
encorvar	encorvaremos
ejercitar	ejercitáramos
abollar	abolláramos
reforestar	reforestase
diagonalizar	diagonalizaban
inmutar	inmutaríais
precalentar	precalentaría
aniquilar	aniquilar
constreñir	constreñidos
decomisar	decomisad
ilusionar	ilusionar
vapulear	vapulee
fidelizar	fidelizasen
resurgir	resurjas
afectar	afectaba
desautorizar	desautorizasteis
emplazar	emplazares
analizar	no analicemos
patear	pateé
mutilar	mutiláramos
contrahacer	no contrahagáis
barrer	barriera
carburar	carburareis
desminar	desminasen
flaquear	flaqueé
enharinar	enharinaban
seleccionar	seleccionado
roncar	ronques
yantar	yantados
organizar	organicéis
reverberar	reverberado
levantar	levantara
colorir	coloriría
microscopiar	no microscopien
aparecer	apareced
estrenar	estrenáramos
decaer	decaerían
trasvasar	no trasvasemos
medir	mediríamos
satanizar	no satanicen
dignar	dignases
vagar	vagaban
chequear	chequearías
repuntar	repuntó
facturar	facturarían
escabullir	escabullíais
subdividir	subdividieran
entretejer	no entretejan
bostezar	bosteces
doctorar	doctorasteis
vadear	vadearen
acercarse	me acercaría
barrar	barrare
pensar	piensas
profesar	no profeses
tipificar	tipificara
fastidiar	fastidiando
refrendar	refrendaba
desconvocar	desconvocas
amañar	amañáramos
regenerar	regenerare
camelar	camelados
trinchar	trinchara
descreer	descreían
descansar	descansen
trasportar	no trasporte
calumniar	calumniarais
resguardarse	se resguardasen
evidenciar	evidenciar
abarrotar	abarrotare
desalinizar	desalinicemos
minimalizar	minimalizadas
afirmar	afirme
negar	niegue
reexpedir	reexpedirán
crispar	crispáis
desmoralizar	desmoralizando
contrabandear	contrabandeara
interrelacionar	interrelacionáremos
frasear	fraseamos
indignar	no indignemos
viralizar	viralizabais
abonarse	te abonases
inmatricular	inmatriculasteis
recocer	recocería
coaccionar	coaccionásemos
descafeinar	descafeinara
serigrafiar	serigrafiarás
embocar	embocara
amarillecer	amarillecía
bailotear	no bailoteen
plantar	planten
embobar	embobares
procrastinar	procrastine
interactuar	interactuarán
depauperar	depauperaran
malvender	malvendieres
escenografiar	escenografiaban
realzar	realzáramos
deslenguar	deslenguáis
retransmitir	retransmitieses
aprovechar	aprovecharás
garabatear	garabateares
afiliar	afiliar
chutar	chuten
agarrar	agarrásemos
reincidir	reincidirían
transportar	transportaste
ovillar	ovillaseis
dentellear	dentelleado
almacenar	almacenéis
revestir	revestidos
enjutar	enjutara
menguar	menguado
atezar	atezáremos
desnivelar	desnivelara
automedicarse	se automedicase
adocenarse	se adocenaban
repetir	no repitas
yuxtaponer	yuxtapondrías
enrolar	enrole
ruborizar	ruborizo
soliviantar	no soliviantemos
peronizar	peronizaba
copresidir	copresidiere
reputar	reputarán
apasionar	apasioné
concadenar	concadeno
abreviar	abreviéis
triangular	no triangulemos
clorar	clores
desregular	desregulaban
suturar	suturarais
refigurar	refigurarais
machar	machado
extrañar	extrañarais
diferenciar	diferenciemos
ordenar	ordenéis
copresidir	copreside
mimetizar	mimetizarías
apanar	apané
renegar	renegaba
sobornar	sobornes
lacrar	lacraren
instaurar	instaurabas
compatibilizar	compatibilicemos
esperanzar	esperanzada
rajar	rajaremos
renquear	renquearás
premeditar	premeditarás
dilatar	dilataren
continuar	continúo
surcar	surcamos
afimar	afimaron
meteorizar	meteorizasen
zarandear	zarandearás
humillar	humilladas
abejear	abejeare
remplazar	no remplacemos
condecir	condijéramos
portar	portados
desfalcar	desfalcases
pulverizar	pulverizara
chirriar	chirriamos
escayolar	escayolásemos
transferir	transfirieres
recargar	recargaremos
marcharse	se marchare
conformar	conformes
solear	solearen
emplear	empleases
desorganizar	desorganizaban
descomedir	descomedidas
aceptar	aceptes
estregar	estregase
impeler	impelías
realzar	realzas
azadonar	azadonaran
premeditar	premeditasen
desvincular	desvincules
transportar	transportarás
ficar	no fiques
sazonar	sazono
despeñarse	me despeñaría
concentrar	concentras
quebrantar	quebrantaría
preocupar	preocupe
averiguar	averigüemos
estrangular	estranguláis
lloriquear	lloriqueo
empastar	empastase
sufragar	sufrague
reeducar	reeducando
domar	domamos
despilfarrar	despilfarrábamos
sobrellenar	sobrellenarían
enmohecer	enmoheciesen
hojear	hojeaba
avergonzarse	te avergonzaste
señalizar	señalizará
baremar	baremaréis
tremer	treman
atildar	atildaseis
exhalar	exhalaríamos
fuñir	fuñida
pisar	pisaras
ahorcajarse	os ahorcajaríais
cohesionar	no cohesiones
burbujear	burbujeasen
batir	bate
concitar	concitemos
depreciar	depreciaron
fraccionar	fraccionásemos
flotar	flotaríamos
sonrosar	sonrosaron
defecar	defecarás
bloguear	blogueé
remodelar	remodelamos
enjuiciar	no enjuiciéis
abetunar	abetunare
amansar	amansaría
desorejar	desorejare
actualizar	actualizas
agujerear	agujerearé
desmarcar	desmarcare
esquivar	esquiva
llegar	llegaréis
publicar	publicábamos
disonar	no disonemos
cavar	cavásemos
fagocitar	fagocitado
quemar	quemará
encestar	encesten
ababillarse	os ababillabais
preservar	preservemos
mirar	mirando
ungir	unjan
hidratar	hidrataremos
renegar	renegarán
abigarrar	abigarraron
interrumpir	interrumpiere
vejar	vejado
cuchichear	cuchicheen
mentir	mentís
mofar	mofare
extrañar	no extrañen
lacear	lacearíamos
cinematografiar	cinematografiarían
mecanizar	no mecanicen
saturar	saturaran
petear	petearás
recubrir	recubriéramos
pegar	pegáis
macollar	macollo
desconsiderar	desconsiderar
empecinar	empecinarían
echar	echó
reestrenar	reestrenaban
atragantar	no atragante
encarcelar	encarcelaban
acrecer	acreció
agachar	agachase
despedirse	despedidos
menar	menases
zarandear	zarandeabas
desollar	desollemos
embeber	embebes
regenerar	regeneraran
toser	tosíais
intermediar	intermediarán
malparar	malparares
expender	expendiéramos
chupetear	chupeteáremos
atormentar	atormentemos
enfadar	enfadáramos
conformar	conformabas
descifrar	descifren
acensar	acensa
interiorizar	interiorizabais
distribuir	distribuyó
depilar	depilaríais
descolocar	descolocar
zurrir	zurre
deponer	depongan
jalar	jalas
pintar	pintaron
humedecer	no humedezca
proteger	protegidos
flagelar	flagelados
definir	definido
comedir	comidiesen
extremar	extremaba
incurrir	incurrieran
recomendar	recomendadas
conquistar	no conquistéis
convocar	convocáramos
desmoronar	desmoronabais
apoyar	apoyaría
trabajar	trabajaré
corregir	corrijamos
alborear	alboreas
filetear	filetearías
filmar	filmase
peligrar	peligrarán
vulcanizar	no vulcanices
reasignar	reasignasteis
pergeñar	pergeñe
clorar	clorara
atorar	atoramos
intricar	intricarías
estilizar	estilizasen
corroer	corroerías
comprender	comprendiste
interactuar	interactúen
maldecir	maldijera
generar	generara
sobreestimular	sobreestimulare
pelechar	pelechabais
embolsillar	no embolsillemos
bañarse	os bañaríais
fenecer	fenecerán
decepcionar	decepcionaremos
clasificarse	se clasificará
sucumbir	sucumbiesen
abartarse	se abartaba
empalar	empalare
clarear	clareasteis
escariar	escariaren
fundamentar	fundamentados
metalizar	metalizamos
defeccionar	defeccionamos
amenguar	amengüemos
encasquillar	encasquillábamos
aludir	aludieran
desleír	desliamos
conseguir	consigues
provenir	provienes
implorar	implorabais
aparar	no apare
relocalizar	relocalizada
ayudar	no ayudéis
proveer	proveyeren
vivar	vivabais
adelgazarse	os adelgazaríais
triangular	triangulara
azolvar	azolvaron
envanecer	envanecieras
escoplear	escoplee
personalizar	personaliza
aguar	agüen
aturar	no aturéis
horripilar	horripilare
reproducir	reprodujera
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugue
desnivelar	desnivelaras
manutener	manutuvieseis
ajardinar	no ajardinen
oler	olerá
destacar	destacamos
macollar	macolle
plebiscitar	plebiscitaras
subrogar	subrogares
amenizar	amenizarás
testimoniar	testimoniaremos
bosquejar	bosquejó
abonarse	te abonaras
comisionar	comisionara
amotinar	amotinados
patear	pateamos
diluviar	diluviaba
diplomar	diplomaría
honrar	honrada
hegemonizar	hegemonizarían
homologar	no homologuéis
improvisar	improvisó
fiar	fiarás
eluir	no eluyas
contraindicar	no contraindique
recalcar	recalcaríamos
agigantar	agigantas
rearmar	rearmáramos
dominar	dominaré
cuadriplicar	cuadriplicaría
reasentar	reasenta
electrizar	electriza
radicalizar	radicalizarían
esposar	esposáremos
desnutrir	desnutrirían
atolondrar	atolondrábamos
fungir	fungiéremos
trampear	trampearían
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugaría
avisar	no aviséis
demoler	demolían
apellidar	apellidamos
cachondear	cachondeares
sobrellenar	sobrellené
barrar	barraban
olvidar	olvidaren
enroscar	enroscase
nutrir	nutrió
presentir	presintieseis
pasteurizar	pasteurizaron
crispar	crispa
olfatear	olfatea
enumerar	enumerado
atragantar	atragantáramos
explicar	explicada
planchar	planchando
sugestionar	sugestionaban
afanarse	se afanarían
restaurar	restauraban
engangrenar	engangrenados
aglutinar	aglutine
conceptualizar	conceptualizaron
calabriar	calabriasteis
añejar	añejaran
chacharear	chachareabais
humillar	humillaré
violar	violemos
idear	no idee
cellisquear	cellisquearán
autorrealizarse	os autorrealizáis
empoderar	empoderáremos
topetar	topetas
denunciar	denunciará
soterrar	soterrara
jadear	jadearía
aludir	aludió
pugnar	no pugnen
pulsar	pulsarás
retar	retaras
asustar	no asusten
deliberar	delibero
enripiar	enripiaría
enhilar	enhilaran
derrocar	derroca
preconocer	preconocieres
mamar	no mamemos
lacrar	lacrase
vituperar	vituperad
recolar	recolaras
cautivar	cautivaseis
replicar	replicó
reciprocar	reciproqué
trabajar	no trabajes
conducir	condujeras
hojaldrar	hojaldraríais
reenergizar	reenergizaríais
contribuir	no contribuyamos
remachar	remachasteis
reportar	reporten
solicitar	solicito
socavar	socaves
perquirir	perquiriera
incrementar	incremente
devastar	devastaren
soñar	soñabas
constatar	constataban
recudir	recudieras
anatematizar	anatematizásemos
fabricar	fabrique
apuntillar	apuntilles
retranquear	retranqueares
encrespar	encresparais
combar	combas
teletransportar	teletransportaría
lapidar	lapidara
cachimbear	cachimbee
evaporar	evaporaba
asistir	asistirán
limosnear	limosneara
anchar	anchados
cundir	cundiera
arraigar	arraigabas
caminar	caminaban
resituar	resituabas
encrespar	encrespen
estipular	estipuladas
tronar	tronase
realimentar	realimentó
reiterar	reiterareis
determinar	determinarás
atemorizar	atemorizadas
respectar	respectarías
ablandarse	te ablandes
compaginar	no compagine
rememorar	rememoraremos
mimeografiar	mimeografiarías
ahitar	ahitó
prepagar	prepagare
substituir	substituiríamos
torturar	torturasen
angostar	angosto
envenenar	envenenaríamos
reencarnar	reencarnabais
abismarse	te abismaste
incomodar	incomodaréis
preparar	preparaseis
cambiar	cambiando
cotejar	cotejando
bajar	bajásemos
afinar	afinaren
trapalear	no trapaleen
trapalear	trapalees
enjuncar	enjuncaríamos
descohesionar	descohesionases
solicitar	solicitaba
videograbar	videogrababan
discurrir	discurrí
cohonder	cohondan
erguir	erguía
datar	daten
yapar	yaparías
tiranizar	tiranicemos
testiguar	testiguarais
escenificar	escenifico
autocalificarse	nos autocalificáramos
pertenecerse	se pertenecen
verdear	verdeen
dialogar	dialogaríamos
inculpar	inculpáremos
reprimir	reprimían
disputar	disputas
anillar	anillaba
salvar	no salven
desacostumbrar	desacostumbrad
alquitranar	alquitranemos
soler	soliera
mitificar	mitificada
derribar	derriben
pulir	pules
desrabar	desrabara
pellizcar	pellizcas
empinar	empinaban
fragilizar	fragilizaren
tipificar	tipificasen
recuadrar	recuadremos
sincopar	sincopemos
versear	verseaste
importunar	importunare
tallar	tallados
sobreestimular	sobreestimulaste
blandir	blandisteis
urbanizar	urbanizamos
trasluchar	trasluchareis
enlatar	enlatarais
encoger	encogeréis
perforar	perforarais
incriminar	incriminaba
peinar	peinareis
laburar	laburemos
flipar	flipares
desposeer	desposeéis
sondear	sondeamos
ahorquillar	ahorquillen
curtir	curtirá
garbar	garbases
confiscar	confiscáramos
federar	federaba
restructurar	restructure
sentarse	me sentaré
estabilizar	estabilizábamos
realquilar	realquilaren
trastocar	no trastoques
desinstalar	desinstalara
compincharse	me compincharé
obsequiar	obsequiaríais
uniformar	uniformaréis
bridar	bridado
taparse	no nos tapemos
reciclar	reciclo
reencarnar	reencarne
regularizar	no regularices
ajar	ajáremos
decolorar	decolore
gradar	gradáramos
desacelerar	desaceleremos
sondar	sondaríais
trasportar	trasportas
taclear	tacleáramos
hacendar	hacendó
canjear	canjea
detestar	no detestes
curar	cura
fruir	fruyere
acomodar	acomodarías
abastecer	abasteciese
esquematizar	esquematizar
desenrollar	desenrolles
abejear	abejearéis
reembolsar	reembolsaba
reiterar	reiteré
abarracar	abarracada
ringar	ringásemos
desmadrar	desmadrareis
conseguir	conseguidas
autoinculparse	no se autoinculpen
oficializar	oficializaría
ficar	ficada
codear	codearás
reconvenir	reconvinieses
adocenarse	nos adocenábamos
diptongar	diptongase
empollar	empollaríais
arribar	no arribes
pulsar	pulsaras
rumbear	rumbearían
juntar	juntabais
conmemorar	conmemoras
relanzar	relanzabas
acometer	acometer
holgazanear	holgazaneare
abarrotar	abarrotas
recrear	recreaba
avizorar	avizorad
jabonar	jabonamos
vengar	no vengues
masturbarse	nos masturbamos
cagar	no caguen
propagar	propagaran
enloquecerse	te enloquecieras
luchar	luchando
acompañar	acompañaseis
deslegitimar	deslegitimó
inocular	inoculaste
agacharse	os agachasteis
importar	importa
encorsetar	encorsetare
reforestar	reforestábamos
medicalizar	medicalizaseis
contraprogramar	contraprogramas
predeterminar	predeterminará
objetar	objetaseis
interceptar	interceptados
encuestar	encuestó
ladear	ladeabais
cartearse	me cartearía
digitar	digita
desdorar	desdora
casar	casábamos
pensionar	pensionemos
malversar	malversa
amueblar	amueblaré
banalizar	banalizaríais
pillar	pillad
desencajar	desencajara
recrudecer	recrudeciera
normar	normarais
brillar	brillaríais
favorecer	favoreced
horadar	no horade
zurriar	zurriaran
tumultuar	tumultuó
aplacar	aplacarían
dislocar	dislocaste
barrar	barrase
desjudicializar	desjudicializando
agradar	agradabais
depositar	depositare
rastrear	rastrearía
escenografiar	escenografia
perdurar	perduráis
exonerar	exoneré
peinar	peinase
decelerar	decelerarais
eclosionar	eclosionaríais
empeller	no empellamos
escasear	escasearíamos
aculebrar	no aculebren
flagelar	flagelare
desacertar	desacertaríamos
trocar	trocaron
detestar	detestáis
enlenzar	enlencemos
domeñar	domeñares
despelotar	despelotaremos
apachar	apachara
bailotear	bailotee
cansar	cansaré
anonimizar	no anonimices
disfrutar	disfrutare
granjear	granjear
progresar	progreso
madurar	madurando
novar	noves
muñir	muñirás
enriquecer	enriquecierais
librar	librarais
describir	describirán
empodrecer	empodrecéis
polir	polirá
estimar	estimaríais
complementar	complementaba
escenificar	escenificaré
engangrenar	engangrenares
sonreír	sonríes
remar	remarán
operar	operabas
bucear	buceares
teletransportar	teletransportado
recapitular	recapitular
pitar	pitaseis
caducar	caduqué
afrentar	afrentaba
resucitar	resucitaron
cimbrar	cimbraba
tumultuar	tumultuaste
apadrinar	apadrinaren
focalizar	focalizase
deferir	defiriereis
atolondrar	atolondre
usurpar	usurparon
encolar	encoles
desfinanciar	desfinanciásemos
desorejar	desorejabais
desorejar	desorejan
borbotar	borboto
vehicular	vehiculare
visibilizar	visibilizaron
demodular	demodulé
garrapatear	garrapatee
descorchar	descorche
importar	importabais
deshacer	deshacen
pelar	pela
estremecer	estremecerá
destrozar	destrozamos
afrontar	afrontaríamos
sincerarse	os sincerarais
esperar	esperare
apoderarse	se apoderó
encriptar	encriptáramos
zurrar	zurró
infestar	infestásemos
marchitar	marchitada
enorgullecer	enorgullecieran
redargüir	redargüidas
humedecer	humedezcan
atener	atendrán
aglomerar	no aglomeremos
orbitar	orbitaréis
entrampar	entrampando
calefaccionar	calefaccionemos
mascujar	mascujado
rancar	rancaron
solfear	solfeéis
implantar	implantada
valuar	valuaríais
allanar	allanaras
diseccionar	diseccionáramos
acorralar	acorralasen
referirse	nos referíamos
apestar	apesten
entrecerrar	entrecerradas
correlacionar	correlacionaba
surcar	surcarían
prejuzgar	prejuzgaré
amotinar	amotinar
prepintar	prepintaríamos
degenerar	degenerares
remorder	remordiésemos
pertenecer	no pertenezca
deshacer	desharemos
rajuñar	rajuñasteis
delinear	delineado
orbitar	orbitáremos
resfriar	resfriaba
rebuscar	rebuscarán
existir	no exista
zurcir	zurzáis
castrar	castrarás
trasparentar	trasparentamos
diluir	diluyeran
beneficiar	beneficia
incomunicar	incomunicó
embetunar	embetunaseis
gelificarse	se gelifique
rascar	rascare
rebautizar	rebautizaste
bisecar	bisequemos
fardar	fardarían
hackear	hackeara
insertar	insertaron
traslucirse	traslúcete
raer	rayéremos
valer	valido
disciplinar	disciplinamos
exteriorizar	exteriorizaríamos
corresponsabilizar	corresponsabilicemos
reiniciar	reiniciando
recolocar	recolocando
pescar	pesquen
provocar	no provoques
deludir	deludiera
ingresar	ingresó
contrarrestar	contrarrestases
fracturar	fracturaré
triangular	triangulabas
represar	represaran
amarse	te amarás
resaltar	resalten
tensionar	tensionan
descontratar	descontratarais
cifrar	cifraras
topar	tope
desvirtuar	desvir
rodear	rodeado
agazapar	agazapo
asimilar	asimilaron
farolear	faroleadas
acogotar	acogotaría
recetar	recetaríamos
chochear	chocheaban
repujar	repujando
hospedar	hospedara
zampar	zampo
arrojar	arrojen
reunificar	reunificaban
apropiar	apropiare
repintar	repinto
singar	no singuen
hornear	hornear
capacitar	capacitaren
enterar	enteraren
pendejear	pendejear
reencantar	reencantó
filtrar	filtráis
repasar	no repasemos
trabucar	trabuca
desratizar	desratizásemos
peraltar	peraltarían
herrumbrar	herrumbre
atropellar	atropellares
recitar	recitase
insidiar	no insidie
desenmascarar	desenmascarar
extrapolar	extrapolarán
cocinar	cocinará
enlatar	enlataremos
carnavalear	carnavaleabais
indignar	indignáremos
modelizar	modelizarían
interceder	intercediera
entrar	entre
usurpar	usurpa
retrucar	retrucaba
adorar	adoraremos
inscribir	inscribía
calabriar	calabrié
rebotar	rebotarán
infatuar	infatuéis
refanfinflar	refanfinflaron
faenar	faenases
zarandear	zarandea
pelechar	pelechaste
huevear	hueveadas
chequear	no chequee
enlutar	enluten
autodenominarse	se autodenomine
subtitular	subtituléis
acantorar	acantorares
encuestar	encueste
implantar	implantamos
reimpulsar	reimpulsaren
regocijar	regocijaréis
apoderar	apoderáremos
trascender	trascenderá
alongar	alongarás
plagiar	plagiada
angustiar	angustiaron
efundir	efundir
destrabar	destrabábamos
angustiar	angustiados
replegar	repliegues
reargüir	rearguyó
ensanchar	ensanche
ocupar	ocupabais
exponer	expusieseis
encaramar	encaramara
agrupar	agrupaba
avellanar	avellanaré
desinfectar	desinfecté
sorprender	sorprenderás
suscribir	suscribes
desmalezar	desmalecen
resbalar	resbalaría
comenzar	comenzará
compendiar	compendiaría
despiezar	despiezaran
proponer	proponed
esmaltar	esmaltas
abemolar	abemoláremos
flaquear	flaquearais
encajar	encajare
dippear	dippea
optimizar	optimizadas
despeinar	despeinan
tabletear	tabletearais
rescindir	rescindidos
lesionar	lesionáis
iludir	iludirás
masticar	masticaréis
colaborar	no colaboremos
sobrevalorar	sobrevaloráremos
marchitar	marchitabas
doblar	doblamos
disipar	disipaban
forzar	forzarías
crear	creásemos
pastorear	pastorease
musicalizar	musicalice
banquetear	banqueteando
ejercer	ejercer
universalizar	universalicé
entrevenir	entrevenido
muletear	muleteasteis
acabar	acabaran
evitar	evitase
forjar	forjados
datar	dataren
tiranizar	tiranizado
crotorear	crotoreaseis
cerrar	cierre
desheredar	no desherede
socializar	socializadas
varar	vare
humedecer	humedeceréis
felicitar	felicitare
abanderizar	abanderizabais
enfriar	no enfriéis
revalorizar	revalorizaba
reincorporar	reincorporemos
beneficiar	beneficiar
circunnavegar	circunnavegábamos
suceder	sucediese
profesionalizar	profesionalizasteis
ensartar	ensarta
depositar	depositaban
mejorarse	te mejorarías
viborear	viborearais
demediar	no demedie
curiosear	curioseases
aceitar	aceitasteis
condensar	condensábamos
fortificar	fortificaste
sospechar	no sospechen
desenfundar	desenfundaren
fragilizar	fragilizará
ningunear	ninguneareis
finiquitar	finiquita
vibrar	vibraríamos
precintar	precintando
terraplenar	terraplenan
muletear	muleteado
reimponer	reimpongamos
wasapear	wasapeare
exclamar	exclamemos
reencarnar	no reencarnemos
silbar	silbase
desinflar	desinflarais
entonar	entonaban
caligrafiar	caligrafiáremos
apoyarse	se apoyó
invitar	invitasteis
distraer	distraiga
solicitar	solicitares
infravalorar	infravaloraría
sepultar	sepultábamos
entorpecer	entorpeced
eyacular	eyaculábamos
prejuzgar	prejuzgue
repugnar	repugnabas
arrogar	arrogásemos
parafrasear	parafrasearías
envolver	envolviere
gesticular	gesticulares
desenojar	desenojamos
amaitinar	amaitinarías
confeccionar	confeccionaré
entablillar	entablillaras
desenganchar	desengancharía
convulsionar	convulsionara
existir	existiríais
averiguar	averiguaría
manejar	manejamos
lubrificar	lubrificaseis
peronizar	peronizad
trasegar	trasegara
denotar	denotases
ufanarse	no os ufanéis
pintarse	te pintaras
anquilosar	anquilose
topar	toparía
desacelerar	desaceleráremos
opinar	opinabas
forrar	forraréis
legalizar	legalizas
toser	tosería
manar	mana
levigar	levigara
deleitar	deleita
tostar	tueste
macollar	macolléis
explosionar	explosionarán
echar	echáremos
botar	botábamos
buitrear	buitrearía
enripiar	enripiaremos
avellanar	avellanaban
descolgar	descolgaría
hipnotizar	hipnotizare
acomodarse	se acomodaran
descapitalizar	descapitalizasteis
complementar	complementando
esponsorizar	no esponsoricemos
incumplir	incumplidas
adjuntar	adjuntas
releer	releíste
subvenir	subvengo
mentorizar	mentorizarán
caducar	caducará
acompasar	acompasa
fomentar	fomente
reurbanizar	no reurbanicen
escardar	escardases
ayudar	ayudaréis
lechar	lechase
osar	osaría
anarquizar	anarquicéis
cafichear	caficheareis
verticalizar	verticalizasteis
adueñarse	adueñarse
preestablecer	preestableciere
agujerear	agujereares
desenfundar	desenfundando
retratar	no retrate
vibrar	vibrasen
desmaquillar	desmaquilláramos
trasformar	trasformamos
enmoquetar	enmoqueto
gorjear	gorjeemos
desfavorecer	desfavoreceréis
enternecer	no enternezcas
ensamblar	ensamblaríais
rechinar	rechine
corrugar	corrugaré
valsar	valsase
venerar	veneró
absorber	absorba
aliviar	aliviaré
compilar	compilado
acabarse	acabándose
ecualizar	ecualizo
roncar	roncados
asignar	asigno
litar	litó
reciprocar	reciprocarían
depurar	depurad
acondicionar	acondiciono
martillar	martillé
instilar	instilan
purificar	purificaría
desestimar	desestimas
aguzar	aguzarían
atusar	atusados
aguijonear	aguijonee
burocratizar	burocratizaras
abartarse	os abartarais
zorrear	zorree
desescombrar	desescombrabas
transvasar	transvasasteis
escenificar	escenificadas
lactar	lactes
engrosar	engruesa
occidentalizar	occidentaliza
patrullar	patrullando
sincronizar	sincronizáremos
inquirir	inquiriesen
encerrar	encierra
aliar	aliaran
entretener	entretenidos
compensar	compense
ofrendar	ofrendéis
robar	no robes
anticipar	anticiparemos
bojar	bojaras
repugnar	repugnaría
anadear	anadeásemos
azucarar	azucaremos
guarachear	guarachearais
devorar	devoraras
jaranear	jaraneando
rehacer	rehagamos
reabsorber	reabsorbíamos
premiar	premiaría
revalorar	revalorare
vengar	vengaseis
disfamar	disfamábamos
engrosar	engrosamos
reurbanizar	reurbanizase
revenir	reviniese
relumbrar	relumbraría
invitar	invitaseis
reblandecer	reblandecieses
escarchar	escarchásemos
frecuentar	frecuenté
mulger	mulgió
mirar	mirare
amortajar	amortajados
desmesurar	desmesurase
amainar	amaines
limosnear	limosnearía
ostentar	no ostentemos
descomponer	descompondrá
carburar	carbura
becar	becabais
desarbolar	no desarboles
enfadar	enfadarás
duchar	duchemos
deslumbrar	deslumbrarás
engrillar	engrille
centralizar	centralizarais
detonar	detonadas
tramitar	tramitasen
nacer	nacerás
integrar	integrásemos
incriminar	incriminando
concursar	concursados
normalizar	normalizase
descontinuar	descontinuamos
maquillarse	no os maquilléis
despistar	despistaríais
añejar	añejaron
deglutir	deglutieres
estereotipar	estereotipéis
gasear	gasearán
revolcar	revolcarán
zaherir	zahiriéremos
fundar	fundo
entrañar	entraña
rancar	no ranquemos
apelotonar	apelotonarais
restructurar	restructuraras
fungir	no funjan
esterilizar	no esterilicen
adolecer	adolezcáis
adverar	adverare
detectar	detectarás
trovar	trovemos
narcotizar	narcotizabas
añejar	no añejes
rodar	rodarán
bordar	no bordemos
desequilibrarse	os desequilibraseis
deprecar	deprecásemos
tildar	tildábamos
arengar	arengabas
checar	checarais
arrodillar	arrodillarían
enjuiciar	no enjuicies
compungir	compungiere
abatanar	abatanaréis
competir	compitiéremos
disminuir	disminuiríamos
embargar	embargan
dolar	dolaríais
corrugar	corrugamos
peinarse	me peino
seleccionar	seleccionábamos
adular	adularás
gemir	gemiremos
ultracentrifugar	no ultracentrifuguemos
empolvar	no empolves
casarse	se casa
esprintar	esprintas
peinarse	os peinarais
ringar	ringada
irrogar	irrogar
despepitar	despepite
cimentar	cimentareis
desmayar	desmayarías
capitanear	capitanea
limosnear	limosneada
arrumbar	arrumbo
encurtir	encurtiréis
increpar	increpas
depositar	depositen
blocar	bloca
mineralizar	mineralizarían
gestionar	gestionareis
libar	libáramos
borrar	borrase
autorregular	autorregulen
farandulear	farandulease
emplear	emplease
chisparse	chispándose
perpetrar	perpetrado
deshumanizar	deshumanizamos
vedar	vedarían
dragar	dragases
redecir	redecíais
deshuesar	no deshuesemos
constelar	constelásemos
aruñar	aruñabais
electrocutar	electrocutare
chambear	chambeado
apestar	apestarás
aprestarse	aprestándose
amigar	amigad
figurar	figuren
criticar	criticáremos
aparear	apareáis
solubilizar	solubilizará
amenguar	amenguaran
confabularse	os confabuláis
enmendar	no enmiendes
cumplimentar	cumplimentaseis
alardear	alardearon
robotizar	robotiza
batir	no bata
wikificar	wikificásemos
colindar	colindada
anochecer	anocheciese
desencantar	desencantéis
moquear	moqueáremos
atalayar	no atalayemos
aceitar	aceitaras
putañear	putañeaste
encastrar	encastrado
realimentar	realimentaras
aliviar	aliviara
culminar	culminare
excavar	excavara
desacatar	desacato
ventear	venteasteis
envanecer	envaneceremos
exagerar	exageradas
desguazar	desguazáremos
machetear	macheteados
arrendar	arrendemos
descoyuntar	descoyuntaste
encausar	encausase
dulcificar	dulcificad
acelerar	aceleraba
foguear	no foguee
diputar	diputarías
apellidar	apellidasteis
publicar	publicamos
acogotar	acogotabas
fingir	fingiese
enfatizar	enfatizaré
desmotivar	desmotivaba
reafirmar	reafirmados
rular	rulasteis
descontrolarse	se descontrola
escalonar	escalonemos
barrar	barrarías
estimar	estimasen
gravar	gravarais
enranciar	enrancias
universalizar	no universalicen
carraspear	no carraspeemos
existimar	existimó
nominar	nominare
desleír	desleísteis
arreglar	arregladas
acompañar	acompañáramos
abusar	abusarás
escupir	escupís
apersonarse	me apersone
colaborar	colaboráremos
zozobrar	zozobrarán
compaginar	compaginases
abonar	abonábamos
individualizar	individualices
vehicular	vehicularé
cronificar	cronifica
emerger	emergiere
encuadrar	encuadre
sobrevendir	no sobrevendan
reacondicionar	reacondicionarás
aquejar	aquejarías
ocluir	ocluirás
saponificar	saponificando
atascar	atasca
descartar	descarten
lanzar	lanzará
abrasar	abrasase
operar	operabais
laurear	laurearéis
gangrenar	gangrenare
masar	masamos
manosear	manosearemos
abducir	abdujeron
amarse	me amaré
infatuar	infatuasen
autografiar	autografiaríamos
fervorizar	fervorizase
bendecir	bendijeres
sulfatar	sulfatara
pintarrajear	pintarrajee
racionar	racionaba
agachar	agachada
demandar	demandaría
inteligir	inteligió
suceder	sucediéremos
reunir	reuníamos
pixelar	no pixeléis
soportar	soportaban
radicalizarse	nos radicalicemos
enrutar	enrutarán
devastar	devastaría
desinteresar	desinteresáremos
portar	portara
envanecer	envanezcan
palpitar	palpitadas
sodomizar	sodomizaríais
jaranear	jaranearas
numerar	numerasteis
abanar	abana
remedar	remedaría
adujar	adujad
esquinar	no esquinéis
mediar	no medien
tullir	tullendo
desglosar	desglosaba
abanderizar	abanderizábamos
irrumpir	irrumpidos
desvalorizar	desvalorizasteis
chivar	chivado
descreer	descreyéramos
tocar	tocases
trasladar	trasladarías
explayar	explayares
remolcar	remolcando
imitar	imitase
gilipollear	gilipolleara
disociar	disocies
deslegitimar	deslegitimas
venderse	vendida
fundar	funden
infundir	infundiste
interferir	interferiréis
extirpar	extirparon
sensibilizar	sensibilizasteis
derretir	derritieron
desmadejar	desmadejaríamos
punzar	punzase
basar	basar
desparecer	desparezco
cinematografiar	cinematografié
cairelar	cairelé
aplomar	aplomamos
titubear	titubearéis
acostarse	se acostaren
mantear	mantea
camotear	camoteamos
rumiar	rumio
burlar	te burlas
entrenar	entrenada
extender	extendiera
saltear	saltea
desvivirse	no os desviváis
autografiar	autografiadas
arabizar	arabizados
reimaginar	reimaginabais
balbucir	balbuciera
inventariar	inventaríe
gratificar	gratificaban
reforestar	reforestas
garbar	garbados
enfermarse	me enfermé
supervenir	superviniese
equilibrar	equilibrares
osar	osases
erradicar	erradiquen
impacientar	impacientaban
devenir	devendrían
mezclar	mezclare
servir	servían
lanzar	lanzaba
pensar	pensarías
descubrir	descubrió
atrincherar	atrincheraba
metabolizar	metabolizaremos
madurar	maduraría
vivificar	vivificareis
ondular	ondularías
zurear	zurearon
desayunarse	se desayuna
brindar	brindarían
vagabundear	vagabundearé
proteger	protegerá
desahogar	desahogara
informarse	nos informábamos
disculparse	nos disculpáremos
neviscar	neviscadas
desbaratar	desbaratábamos
zurriar	zurriando
mascujar	mascujaran
rebelar	rebelaría
aclimatar	aclimate
reentrar	reentrareis
batallar	no batalléis
responder	responder
americanizar	americanizaremos
recalificar	recalificarían
humectar	humectáis
pulsar	pulsaseis
sobresaltar	sobresaltaría
percatarse	percatado
dedicar	dedicarías
malentender	malentenderá
escavar	escavemos
referir	refirieron
cloquear	cloqueamos
gelatinizar	gelatiniza
sisar	sisarán
conseguir	consiguiereis
enfundar	enfunden
largar	no larguen
dirigir	dirigimos
desencriptar	no desencripten
pasmar	pasmareis
compenetrarse	nos compenetremos
sanjar	sanjarías
arrastrar	arrastrare
descerrajar	descerrajaren
amacollar	amacollaréis
descansar	no descanse
almagrar	no almagren
comedir	comediríamos
envilecer	envileciese
zambullirse	nos zambulliríamos
despenar	despenásemos
vincular	no vinculéis
contrabandear	contrabandeemos
desintegrar	desintegrar
explosionar	explosioné
internalizar	internalizará
horadar	no horadéis
amansar	amansáramos
aciemar	acieman
aminorar	aminoremos
destazar	destazaba
plañir	plañéremos
mostrar	mostraríamos
renacer	renacido
traumatizar	traumatizasen
prodigar	prodigases
atañer	atañera
encuerar	no encueres
alambicar	alambicados
anadear	anadeaba
sentar	sentaran
tronchar	tronche
frustrar	frustrares
idear	idearen
pudrir	pudriría
emulger	emulgíamos
totalizar	no totalice
hospedar	hospedamos
reconfigurar	reconfigurabais
dinamitar	dinamitarán
confortar	confortas
incomunicar	incomunicábamos
mamar	mamaron
desmoldar	desmoldaría
dolar	dolase
desamortizar	desamortizarás
estañar	no estañemos
atropellar	atropelló
parlamentar	parlamentaba
anegar	no aniegues
plagiar	plagiaríamos
carburizar	no carburicen
estregar	estregarían
ensanchar	ensanchaba
contribuir	contribuiré
encuestar	encueste
deslustrar	deslustrarán
prevalecer	prevalecerá
supervivir	superviviese
desamparar	desampara
abatatar	abatata
restar	restado
parlar	no parlemos
fluir	fluidas
sumir	sumiré
deplorar	deplora
deambular	no deambule
piquetear	piquetearían
exulcerar	exulceraría
espabilar	espabilaren
pespuntar	pespuntando
avellanar	avellanase
enmendar	enmiendes
juguetear	jugueteada
uniformar	no uniforméis
autenticar	autenticáremos
ruborizar	ruborizadas
denominar	denominan
recetar	recetaras
autocalificarse	os autocalificarais
sobreestimar	sobreestiman
pelear	peleara
entrevistar	entrevistaron
fulgurar	fulguráis
colectar	colectarais
ensopar	ensopasteis
pavimentar	pavimentéis
prejuzgar	prejuzgasteis
palear	paleaba
escarchar	escarcha
embutir	embutáis
acobardar	acobardaba
reforzar	refuerce
apretar	apretare
rehogar	rehogando
centrar	centrara
aparear	apareare
restregar	restregarás
extremar	extremen
percutir	percuten
gatillar	gatillara
graznar	graznada
suministrar	no suministren
vivaquear	vivaquees
colectar	colectase
preconstituir	preconstituirán
disonar	disonada
salpimentar	no salpimentéis
obsequiar	obsequiando
enjuiciar	enjuicias
instruir	instruyerais
crepitar	crepitaremos
cavilar	cavilaremos
astringir	astringieren
enterar	enteraremos
solidarizar	solidarizarías
supervenir	supervenga
contagiar	contagiabais
fallecer	fallecen
pormenorizar	pormenorizaría
descontrolarse	te descontrolarías
sustraer	sustraed
drogar	drogarán
refugiar	refugien
sobreestimular	sobreestimulemos
escrutar	escruten
reformular	reformuló
rendir	rinde
tronchar	tronchara
asustar	asustares
entresacar	entresacaréis
restar	restaba
apilar	apila
vidriar	vidrias
aplastar	aplastarais
desinfectar	desinfectaré
encallar	encallare
inmortalizar	inmortalizaron
rehabilitar	rehabilitábamos
colisionar	colisione
decorar	decorareis
renegociar	renegociáremos
reaprovechar	reaproveches
trasbordar	no trasbordemos
cachear	cacheaste
trolear	troleases
encomiar	encomien
cosechar	cosechare
ilusionar	ilusionados
escardar	escardemos
refinar	refinaría
engrupir	engrupirás
desenamorar	desenamoremos
decrecer	decrecieres
cubicar	no cubiquemos
inmortalizar	no inmortalicemos
autoproclamarse	autoproclamarás
atizar	atizando
reanimar	reanimarías
reposar	reposare
encanecer	encanezcan
alumbrar	alumbrarás
escarmentar	escarmentaste
galvanizar	galvanizados
subvenir	subvenir
chaquetear	chaqueteaba
enojar	enoje
ahorcar	ahorcaré
infestar	infestáramos
carburizar	carburizaron
trastornar	trastornarían
deslenguarse	se deslenguaba
sobrecalentar	sobrecalientes
sobrellevar	sobrellevemos
afiligranar	afiligranásemos
avecinar	avecinada
subrayar	subrayaron
incursionar	incursione
teñir	tiñera
perpetuar	perpetuaron
extinguir	extinguiste
sitiar	sitiada
precaver	precavieses
retimbrar	retimbres
tasar	tasas
invaginar	invaginábamos
apear	apeareis
enguatar	enguatare
acallar	acallaríais
contraatacar	contraatacó
volear	voleamos
tomar	no tomes
disertar	diserta
cotorrear	cotorreasteis
afilar	afilare
brindar	brindada
enchufar	enchufarías
decolar	no decole
trasbordar	trasbordadas
despojar	despojaría
desacoplar	desacoplas
tutelar	tutelan
engolfarse	no te engolfes
acuñar	acuñamos
readecuar	readecuáis
juguetear	juguetearéis
fertilizar	fertilizaríais
islamizar	islamizaríais
asegurar	aseguraron
zurrir	zurráis
aggiornar	aggiornase
lucrar	lucraríamos
apreciar	aprecio
depravar	depravemos
medicalizar	medicalizaría
solicitar	solicitaba
postular	postula
recontar	no recontéis
cruzar	no crucemos
aducir	aduje
vibrar	vibradas
trillar	trillaríamos
picotear	picotead
birlar	birlo
datar	date
permitir	permitid
filar	filando
lagrimar	lagrimaría
torpedear	torpedeadas
embromar	embromare
referirse	se refieran
festonear	festoneabas
rapar	rapara
empacarse	empacándose
descalzar	descalzaba
guerrear	guerrearon
postergar	no posterguéis
parecer	parecí
enlentecer	enlentece
calcinar	calcinar
sopesar	sopesásemos
compatibilizar	compatibilices
desproteger	no desproteja
ajetrear	ajetrean
depender	dependierais
microscopiar	microscopiadas
nadar	nada
codear	codeara
enceguecer	enceguecida
perfumar	no perfuméis
aerar	aeraría
rumiar	rumié
repavimentar	repavimentando
recomponer	recompondréis
gaguear	gagueara
diversificar	diversificase
marchitar	marchitamos
ensortijar	ensortijáramos
balear	no baleemos
desanudar	desanudaseis
instalar	instalamos
vaticinar	vaticinar
desestabilizar	desestabilizáremos
extraditar	extraditare
optimizar	optimizaríamos
liar	liaréis
espejear	espejeásemos
emborronar	emborronadas
nublar	nublábamos
atiesar	atiesaríamos
adosar	no adoséis
photoshopear	photoshopearan
aneblar	anieble
sollozar	sollozase
negociar	negociábamos
pegarse	te pegases
sobrecumplir	sobrecumplías
piropear	no piropeemos
componer	componían
alborear	alboreara
enrutar	enrutares
airar	airaban
alebrestar	alebrestareis
descachar	descachabas
estoquear	estoqueases
verdear	no verdees
alambicar	alambico
beber	no bebas
estallar	estalla
destetar	destetaba
desunir	desunisteis
desparpajar	desparpajases
pavimentar	pavimentas
sistematizar	sistematizaré
fulgir	fulgiré
malbaratar	malbarate
desosar	no deshuesen
obstruir	obstruiréis
atalayar	atalayaras
colorear	coloreábamos
quebrantar	quebrantase
sobrestimar	sobrestimé
patear	patearíamos
meter	metiste
incriminar	incriminan
difundir	difunda
aflojar	aflojaría
desfalcar	desfalcarían
desviar	desviaremos
absterger	abstergéis
chillar	chillaré
reutilizar	reutilizaras
pizcar	pizquemos
ingerir	ingeriría
litar	litadas
pellizcar	pellizca
reequilibrar	reequilibrarán
entretener	entretendremos
balsear	balseare
guiñar	guiñaría
atañer	atañese
graznar	graznando
estropear	estropeare
equivaler	equivaldría
cementar	cementó
apalancar	apalancaren
destinar	no destine
desalojar	desalojados
bordar	bordaren
situar	situaras
diseñar	diseñase
reprender	reprendidos
compenetrar	compenetráremos
escapar	escapa
desembrujar	desembrujarás
lubricar	no lubriquemos
redescubrir	redescubre
artillar	artille
enviciar	enviciará
lagartear	lagarteaseis
desfavorecer	desfavoreced
estragar	estragaré
rajuñar	rajuñan
concitar	concitaras
listar	listé
rebozar	no rebocemos
manufacturar	manufacturares
acopiar	acopiaban
estregar	estregaremos
catalizar	catalizarás
embolsar	embolsamos
edulcorar	edulcoradas
desheredar	desheredase
delimitar	delimitaste
xerocopiar	xerocopiados
funar	no fune
lastrar	lastre
marrar	marrarán
crotorear	crotorearían
anteponer	antepondríamos
acentuar	acentuarías
redundar	redundásemos
repreguntar	repreguntaríais
estacar	estacaban
rediseñar	rediseño
rebautizar	rebautiza
vulnerar	vulneraríais
exacerbar	no exacerbe
desapalancar	desapalanqué
contrabalancear	contrabalancearían
radicar	radicad
humidificar	humidifique
reutilizar	reutilizarás
elegir	elegiríais
enjaezar	enjaezaste
cuerpear	cuerpeaba
compungir	compungiereis
mercerizar	mercerizásemos
valuar	valuó
preconocer	preconozcan
timbrar	timbraseis
ostentar	ostentaría
fondear	fondeáremos
antagonizar	antagonizaran
ionizar	ionizarás
desplazar	desplazáremos
desmerecer	desmereció
oler	oliese
quintuplicar	quintuplicáramos
amojamar	amojamaba
extremar	extremado
distraer	distraeríais
hackear	no hackeéis
ulcerar	ulceraremos
desfigurar	desfiguremos
efectivizar	efectivizando
mantear	manteadas
precipitar	precipitábamos
posponer	pospondré
ñoñear	ñoñeará
chivar	chiva
adormilar	adormilaremos
vocear	voceada
confrontar	no confronte
esquilmar	esquilmara
abigarrar	abigarraste
corresponsabilizar	corresponsabilizaba
curtir	curtía
iniciar	iniciemos
fechar	fechara
vanagloriarse	vanagloríese
aceitar	aceitado
jalonar	jalonaré
encastillar	encastillad
envergar	envergásemos
conjuntar	conjuntaron
laborar	laboraban
hegemonizar	hegemonizara
golpetear	golpeteare
echar	echad
repantingarse	te repantingarás
prefigurar	prefiguraseis
centrar	centrarás
concernir	concerniremos
citar	citaron
