bwyta	bwytaont
ennill	enillon nhw
plannu	plannom
eistedd	eisteddon ni
gwrthod	gwrthodasant
cysylltu	cysylltwyd
talu	talu
penderfynu	penderfynych
anfon	anfonon nhw
treisio	treisi di
mynd	eler
danfon	danfonen nhw
canu	canon ni
hofran	hofranir
casáu	casasid
dysgu	dysgit
syrthio	syrthion nhw
ymddwyn	ymddygont
dilyn	dilyna
caru	carasai
dilyn	dilynon nhw
ymlacio	ymlaciwch
ymarfer	ymarferwch chi
penderfynu	penderfynasem
croestorri	croestorrodd o
sylwi	sylwech
dilyn	dilynon ni
cynnull	cynullen ni
gwylio	gwyliwn i
dangos	dangosasech
cenhedlu	cenhedlasem
tacluso	taclusai fo
cloi	cloent
gallu	galloch
talu	talant
cusanu	cusenaist
ffili	ffilwn ni
gwrthod	gwrthodwch
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddom
cymryd	cymer
methu	methen nhw
gallu	gallasoch
terfynu	terfynodd
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwn
cynnig	cynigiwn
hoelio	hoelion ni
cilio	ciliwyf
treisio	treisiont
bwrw	bwriasit
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasit
arfer	arferasai
ymlacio	ymlacio
parhau	parhasom
ciledrych	ciledrychais
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasom
arwain	arweiniwn
gwlychu	gwlyched
anfon	anfonwyf
treisio	treisient
stopio	stopit
canlyn	canlynwyf
gadael	gadawedig
tacluso	taclusent
anafu	anafwn i
arfer	arferi di
pasio	pasiai fo
darllen	darllenith o
rhwystro	rhwystrasant
anafu	anafech chi
disgwyl	disgwylia i
gwlychu	gwlychasem
difetha	difethwyf
croeshoelio	croeshoelia i
darlunio	darluniaswn
uno	unasoch
ffurfio	ffurfiasoch
rhegi	rhegwyd
agor	agorodd o
swyno	swynech
disgwyl	disgwyliech
cyffwrdd	cyffwrdd
sefyll	safaist
ffili	ffilych
danfon	danfonen ni
amgyffred	amgyffredasom
ymarfer	ymarferwyf
cynnau	cyneuid
prynu	prynais
penderfynu	penderfynwyd
clymu	clyment
coelio	coelien nhw
penderfynu	penderfynent
llyfu	llyfwn
peidio	peidian nhw
dweud	dywedi
gorchuddio	gorchuddiem
gallu	gallais i
cuddio	cuddwn ni
dysgu	dysgwn ni
edliw	edliwiaist
cadw	cadwasid
poeni	poenwch
rhwygo	rhwyger
ysmygu	ysmygodd
gwrthod	gwrthodwn ni
llyfu	llyfodd
cyfnewid	cyfnewidi
darllen	darllenon ni
siafio	siafiodd
sefyll	safid
anfon	anfonwn ni
gwenu	gwenech chi
parhau	parhasech
talu	tali di
llanw	llanwech
palu	palwn ni
caru	carasoch
cysgu	cysgent
arfer	arferedig
cuddio	cuddom
codi	coder
ysmygu	ysmygid
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdda
teimlo	teimlai
darparu	darparit
gorchuddio	gorchuddiont
deall	deallir
cynnau	cyneuaf
mynd	ewch
ymolchi	ymolch
bwrw	bwriaist
coginio	coginiasem
yfed	yfwn
rhoi	rho
teimlo	teimlasant
smygu	smyga i
braenu	braenasit
croesholi	croesholasech
taro	trawaf
galluogi	galluoget ti
llenydda	llenyddedig
braenu	braenith o
teithio	teithient
rhegi	rhegaswn
ennill	enillaf
gofyn	gofynni
gweld	gwelsem
lleoli	lleolwn ni
rhuthro	rhuthroch chi
hoelio	hoeliwch chi
pwyso	pwysasom
amau	amheuaist
anghofio	anghofiwn ni
teimlo	teimli
darllen	darllenais
cusanu	cusenir
condemnio	condemniasom
teimlo	teimlent
adwthio	adwthia
lladd	lladder
dweud	dywedais
defnyddio	defnyddiasant
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasent
sylwebu	sylwebi
golchi	golchit
braenu	braenedig
nyddu	nyddaist
ystyried	ystyri di
gafael	gafaelwch
canlyn	canlynasem
ymolchi	ymolchith o
lleihau	lleihaf
rhodio	rhodiasai
darparu	darparedig
mwynhau	mwynheuaist ti
hedfan	hedfanen ni
sefyll	safasit
gweld	gwelech chi
cynnig	cynigio
sefyll	safan nhw
rhoi	rhoer
gadael	gadawoch chi
ysmygu	ysmyger
iro	iren nhw
gwylio	gwyli
canu	canasech
medru	medrem
mwynhau	mwynhaer
syrthio	syrthiedig
peidio	peidiodd o
methu	methedig
gorffen	gorffennid
disgyn	disgynith o
clywed	clywyf
yfed	yfaf
cysylltu	cysylltwn
galw	galwer
coginio	coginiaf
golchi	golchai fo
darlunio	darluniem
darllen	darllenodd o
casáu	casasoch
coelio	coelion ni
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasid
tacluso	taclusi
tacluso	taclusith o
gafael	gafaelais i
taro	taro
hedfan	hedfanwch
braenu	braenent
addo	addawo
nyddu	nydda
eistedd	eisteddwch chi
croesi	croeset ti
croesholi	croesholaswn
eistedd	eisteddaist ti
gwlychu	gwlych
agor	agoren ni
llenydda	llenyddi
diolch	diolcha
coelio	coeliaist
darlunio	darluniodd o
medru	medran nhw
gallu	gallom
deall	dealled
hedfan	hedfanasid
condemnio	condemniasid
croesi	croesient
swyno	swynid
ymolchi	ymolchon ni
cysylltu	cysylltith o
lleoli	lleolasem
braenu	braenais i
addo	addawais i
pydru	pydrais
lluddias	lluddier
canlyn	canlynaswn
lluddias	lluddiwn
marchogaeth	marchogith o
nyddu	nydda
meddwl	meddyliasech
pydru	pydrer
marchogaeth	marchoga i
caru	carwn
ymddwyn	ymddygem
siarad	siaradom
cenhedlu	cenhedlych
ymlacio	ymlaciasom
stopio	stopiwn ni
ffurfio	ffurfiasem
bwyta	bwytei
dileu	dileai
addysgu	addysgasom
bwyta	bwytai fo
cysylltu	cysylltech
rhuthro	rhuthrwn i
dilyn	dilynais
llwyddo	llwyddais i
cynnwys	cynhwysan nhw
codi	coded
canlyn	canlynasai
aros	arosasem
nyddu	nyddwn i
glawio	glawiwch chi
gadael	gadawa i
terfynu	terfyned
dilyn	dilynwch
canu	caned
cynnull	cynullasem
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddais i
palu	palai fo
casáu	caseych
rhodio	rhodio
prynu	prynen ni
sylwebu	sylwebent
gwrthod	gwrthodir
uno	unit
iro	iredigiradwy
gadael	gadawsoch
siafio	siafiwch
ymolchi	ymolchaswn
smygu	smygont
smygu	smygasem
rhodio	rhodiech
cofio	cofied
gwerthu	gwerthodd
atal	ataliai
dileu	dileaist ti
casáu	casaech
llwyddo	llwyddech chi
sylwebu	sylwebych
cyfnewid	cyfnewidia
disgwyl	disgwyliais
bwyta	bwytewch
ymarfer	ymarfera
prynu	prynwch
dweud	dywedasid
disgwyl	disgwyliwch
teithio	teithioch chi
galw	galwen nhw
cyfarfod	cyfarfuost
agor	agoren nhw
terfynu	terfynasant
teithio	teithiwn
gwenu	gwenasem
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasem
prynu	prynent
colli	collwch
gwylio	gwyliasant
diolch	diolcher
croeshoelio	croeshoelia
dileu	dileodd
ennill	enillant
rhedeg	rhedi di
prynu	prynant
bwrw	bwried
methu	methodd o
ysu	yso
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasom
croeshoelio	croeshoelioch
ystyried	ystyriech
palu	palych
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwch
ymlacio	ymlaciom
cerdded	cerddwch chi
hudo	hudom
digwydd	digwydd
teimlo	teimlodd
cwyno	cwyn
talu	talasant
ffurfio	ffurfient
cadw	cadwoch
sylwi	sylwch
cynnull	cynullwch
taro	taro
rhwystro	rhwystraf
siarad	siaradasit
arwain	arweiniais i
methu	methi di
anfon	anfonwyd
torri	torroch
amgyffred	amgyffredaist
addysgu	addysgasoch
cerdded	cerddasom
cyfrwyo	cyfrwya i
methu	methwch
dilyn	dilynai fo
hedfan	hedfanais i
galw	galwyf
cysgu	cysgwn
disgwyl	disgwyliwn ni
sylwi	sylwom
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasent
arfer	arfer
cynnwys	cynhwyswn i
arwain	arweini
teithio	teithia
rhegi	rhegen nhw
cloi	clown i
dodi	dyd
ymuno	ymuner
dechrau	dechreua
eistedd	eisteddwn i
aros	arhoser
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolon ni
cerdded	cerddith o
darlunio	darluniwn i
ymweld	ymwelwn i
casáu	casawn
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddai
cerdded	cerddaswn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyech
galw	galwasant
teimlo	teimler
yfed	yfer
gweld	gwela i
marchogaeth	marchogaist ti
llosgi	llosger
gwario	gwarien nhw
colli	collwyf
poeni	poenasom
arwain	arweiniech chi
crynu	crynir
cysylltu	cysylltasent
croestorri	croestorren nhw
marchogaeth	marchogen nhw
edliw	edliwiaf
cilio	ciliwch chi
cynnau	cyneuwch
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasai
lleoli	lleolwch
mwynhau	mwynhawn
tybio	tybiont
galluogi	galluogid
rhoi	rhoesoch
siafio	siafiais
siarad	siaradai fo
digwydd	digwydder
dechrau	dechreuwch
glawio	glawiaist ti
dysgu	dysgasent
ymlacio	ymlaciasech
medru	medront
croestorri	croestorasid
ystyried	ystyriech
terfynu	terfynodd o
dysgu	dysgwch
parhau	parhasant
darparu	darparasem
dodi	dodi di
iro	irit
amgyffred	amgyffredasai
darlunio	darluniwch chi
cynnig	cynigioch chi
ciledrych	ciledrychwyd
nyddu	nydder
amgyffred	amgyffredasit
disgyn	disgynwn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywch
croestorri	croestorrem
siarad	siaradodd o
talu	talwn
bwyta	bwytaent
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyer
colli	collaswn
rhodio	rhodiodd
colli	collwn
ymuno	ymuno
gwerthu	gwerthen ni
codi	codith o
marchogaeth	marchoger
ysu	ysai fo
gafael	gafaelai
coginio	coginiwn
ymweld	ymwelwn
teimlo	teimlom
tybio	tybiant
caru	câr
gwenu	gwenant
gafael	gafaelaist ti
cynnwys	cynhwysai
peidio	peidier
rhoi	rhoddon nhw
cadw	cadwch chi
coelio	coeliasai
darlunio	darluniai
treisio	treisien nhw
cymryd	cymero
dychwelyd	dychweler
ennill	enilledig
adolygu	adolygwn
siarad	siaradet ti
dangos	dangosasoch
cynnig	cynigiem
llyfu	llyfais
gwenu	gwenen ni
golchi	golchwch chi
terfynu	terfynem
ymddwyn	ymddygit
anghofio	anghofiasoch
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasom
addo	addewaist
iro	irwn
talu	talith o
pweru	pwerwn ni
disgyn	disgynid
eistedd	eisteddem
amau	amheuwn ni
rhofio	rhofiwn
hedfan	hedfanit
rhofio	rhofit
dodi	dodo
yfed	yfedigyfadwy
deall	deall
coginio	coginiasoch
hedfan	hedfanasoch
galw	galwi di
condemnio	condemniech
rhegi	rhego
claddu	claddaf
peidio	peidiwn ni
defnyddio	defnyddiais i
amau	amheuet ti
rhwygo	rhwygo
rhegi	rhegith o
ymlacio	ymlaciodd o
uno	unant
difetha	difethwch
cusanu	cusanan nhw
agor	agorwn
coginio	cogini
cadw	cadw
ymweld	ymwelech chi
condemnio	condemniom
cysgu	cysga i
smygu	smygid
crynu	crynwn i
galluogi	galluogwyf
cadw	cadwn
syrthio	syrthio
mwynhau	mwynheuwn i
gwylio	gwyliwch
cofio	cofiech
teimlo	teimlon nhw
llanw	llanwn
cynnull	cynullwn
lleihau	lleihaist
cusanu	cusana i
prynu	prynent
ffurfio	ffurfied
edliw	edliwi
ymlacio	ymlaci
rhwystro	rhwystrwch chi
teimlo	teimlasid
annog	anogasid
amgyffred	amgyffredwn
ysu	ysech
clywed	clywech
eistedd	eisteddaist
ffurfio	ffurfioch
gweld	gweler
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddent
cysylltu	cysylltaf
siarad	siarad
dychwelyd	dychweloch chi
amgyffred	amgyffredon ni
tybio	tybiaist
yfed	yfaswn
eistedd	eisteddet ti
llosgi	llosgent
cerdded	cerddasant
rhofio	rhofion nhw
cloi	cloan nhw
rhoi	rhoesid
dilyn	dilynwn
prynu	prynon nhw
pydru	pydrai
palu	palech chi
iro	irwch
colli	collont
agor	agoroch chi
rhodio	rhodiai
canlyn	canlyner
elwa	elwyf
ysmygu	ysmygen nhw
ciledrych	ciledrychasent
teithio	teithied
rhwygo	rhwyger
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwch chi
croestorri	croestorra
darparu	darparasit
rhwystro	rhwystran nhw
prynu	prynwch
golchi	golchwn
lleihau	lleihwyd
golchi	golchent
achosi	achoswch
darllen	darllenid
disgwyl	disgwyl
digwydd	digwyddech chi
ymlacio	ymlacia
cynnull	cynullo
codi	codech
diolch	diolchasant
cynnull	cynullasai
yfed	yfa
amau	amheuwch chi
darlunio	darlunier
pydru	pydra
digwydd	digwyddi di
hoelio	hoeliasoch
parhau	parhaont
deall	deallwch
treisio	treisiodd o
teithio	teithiaist
llyfu	llyfasai
teithio	teithiaist ti
cloi	cloeswn
cyfieithu	cyfieithi di
treisio	treisiasem
llosgi	llosgoch
difetha	difethasech
rhoi	rhoddon ni
anfon	anfonech
cwyno	cwynwch
tybio	tybient
siafio	siafiwyd
golchi	golchych
canoli	canola i
methu	methit
dychwelyd	dychwelasai
cynnull	cynullir
sylwi	sylwai fo
yfed	yfith o
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwch
caru	carasom
cynnull	cynulli
darllen	darllenir
mwynhau	mwynheuen ni
ysu	ysi di
galluogi	galluogem
amgyffred	amgyffredit
tybio	tybier
cymryd	cymered
cynnwys	cynhwysoch chi
teithio	teithion nhw
cerdded	cerddasoch
cynnwys	cynhwysit
cadw	cadwer
difetha	difethan nhw
llyfu	llyfent
stopio	stopiodd
siafio	siafiasem
digwydd	digwyddais i
treisio	treisiasit
ystyried	ystyried
llyfu	llyfwch
dechrau	dechreuoch chi
canu	canoch
ymarfer	ymarferen nhw
cofio	cofion nhw
methu	methir
rhofio	rhofiech
gwenu	gwenon nhw
mynd	ewch
diolch	diolchent
condemnio	condemniais i
arfer	arferwch
pasio	pasiwch chi
amau	amheuai fo
uno	unet ti
addo	addewch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasai
llosgi	llosgasid
rhuthro	rhuthrasai
gafael	gafaelon nhw
siafio	siafiwch
cynnau	cyneui di
gwylio	gwyliwn
cynnull	cynullant
lladd	lladded
ymarfer	ymarfered
niweidio	niweidiasent
lladd	lladdwn
gwrthod	gwrthodom
coelio	coelit
dathlu	dathlan nhw
peidio	peidiwn
dweud	dywedant
gadael	gadawant
crynu	crynont
pydru	pydred
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddet ti
gwlychu	gwlychir
gorffen	gorffennech chi
talu	telaist
cilio	cilir
defnyddio	defnyddiais
ffili	ffilasent
lleoli	lleoler
stopio	stopia
stopio	stopiet ti
nyddu	nyddasit
meddwl	meddylier
dilyn	dilynwn
atal	atalwn ni
gwerthu	gwerthon nhw
cysylltu	cysylltaist
cwyno	cwynem
galw	galwyd
nyddu	nyddon ni
ennill	enilloch
marchogaeth	marchogaswn
gwrthod	gwrthododd
rhedeg	rhedon nhw
meddwl	meddyliwyf
cymryd	cymerwyf
sylwi	sylwon nhw
coelio	coeliech
elwa	elwodd o
pydru	pydron nhw
gadael	gadawit
danfon	danfonem
defnyddio	defnyddiet ti
meddwl	meddyliaist
darlunio	darluniom
rhofio	rhofir
casáu	casaent
dweud	dywedem
sefyll	safoch chi
anfon	anfonoch chi
disgyn	disgynasoch
hedfan	hedfanant
ymlacio	ymlaciaswn
clywed	clywsech
credu	credodd o
danfon	danfonasid
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwyf
diolch	diolchodd
gafael	gafaelaf
rhodio	rhodiech
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasai
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolet ti
iro	irasem
loncian	loncion ni
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyont
ysu	ysasem
caru	carwn i
awgrymu	awgrymasom
ennill	enillem
colli	collasoch
elwa	elwen ni
cadw	cadwedig
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolais
amgyffred	amgyffredid
llosgi	llosgwch
gwlychu	gwlychodd o
difetha	difetho
cysylltu	cysylltwch chi
sylwi	sylwa
penderfynu	penderfyna i
condemnio	condemniwyf
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyaf
clywed	clywsom
claddu	claddwch chi
cynnwys	cynhwysont
defnyddio	defnyddient
cloi	cloir
diolch	diolchwyd
stopio	stopia i
lleihau	lleiasom
ffili	ffilen ni
gwlychu	gwlychwyd
talu	talon nhw
crynu	crynen ni
eistedd	eisteddasant
niweidio	niweidien ni
defnyddio	defnyddiodd o
mwynhau	mwynheua i
plannu	plannaf
cnuchio	cnuchiodd o
lluddias	lluddiech
gwylio	gwylion nhw
siarad	siaradwn
cerdded	cerdder
ymarfer	ymarferi di
galw	galwasech
siafio	siafiwyf
credu	creden nhw
ymlacio	ymlaciaist ti
lleoli	lleolasai
smygu	smygai
aros	arhoswyf
casáu	casasit
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasid
pydru	pydrodd o
cyrraedd	cyraeddasant
dychwelyd	dychwelwn
llyfu	llyfwn
cynnull	cynullasit
swyno	swynen nhw
digwydd	digwyddodd o
dangos	dangoswn i
cusanu	cusanem
ffurfio	ffurfiasid
hudo	hudon nhw
cloi	cloesoch
marchogaeth	marchoga
ysmygu	ysmygasent
deall	deallasai
ceisio	ceisiwch
sylwebu	sylwebid
cynnig	cynigiwn
dweud	dywedwch
canlyn	canlynodd
uno	unwyd
iro	irer
croestorri	croestorren ni
hoelio	hoeliaf
marchogaeth	marchogoch chi
uno	unasem
diolch	diolchwch
anghofio	anghofioch chi
gorffen	gorffennodd
cynnau	cyneuedig
gwenu	gwenwn
gorffen	gorffenasid
clymu	clymi
anfon	anfonasech
ymarfer	ymarferith o
cusanu	cusanent
dechrau	dechreuwch
cysgu	cysgasech
cynnig	cynigiodd o
gwrthod	gwrthodwyf
sylwebu	sylwebaist
swyno	swyna i
dweud	dywedech chi
elwa	elwsoch
darllen	darllenasai
llosgi	llosgwyd
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyet ti
gwlychu	gwlychaf
canlyn	canlynet ti
condemnio	condemni di
cilio	ciliwn
peidio	peidiech chi
cynnig	cynigiaist ti
clywed	clywaist
lleihau	lleihais
dweud	dywedwyd
cynnwys	cynwysasent
rhodio	rhodiant
addysgu	addysgwch
codi	codoch chi
danfon	danfonais
llosgi	llosga
croesholi	croesholiet ti
cynnwys	cynwysaswn
ennill	enillwn
siafio	siafion nhw
cilio	cilied
addo	addewais
medru	medrais i
aros	arhosi di
gwenu	gwenasech
yfed	yfasant
methu	methont
adolygu	adolygodd
gorffen	gorffenna
deall	deallasem
ymddwyn	ymddyged
crynu	crynan nhw
yfed	yfon nhw
dangos	dangosoch chi
lladd	lladd
rhuthro	rhuthrwn ni
croestorri	croestorraist
galluogi	galluogir
yfed	yfi di
colli	collasent
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasid
gwlychu	gwlychu
colli	collaist
rhodio	rhodiedig
llanw	llenwych
dodi	dodid
lleihau	lleiasid
hofran	hofranodd o
cymryd	cymerwch chi
hudo	hudasom
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywn
amau	ameuasit
rhwygo	rhwygais i
crynu	crynem
bwyta	bwyteych
ymuno	ymunwn
agor	agoraist
llenydda	llenyddid
amau	ameuaswn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddaswn
ymweld	ymwelasent
swyno	swynasent
iro	ira
cysylltu	cysylltont
meddwl	meddyliwyd
deall	deallid
ciledrych	ciledrychwn i
amgyffred	amgyffredasid
loncian	lonciedig
defnyddio	defnyddiaf
taro	trewi
bwrw	bwri
pasio	pasiwch
talu	talodd
plannu	plannwn
condemnio	condemnier
gorffen	gorffenasai
croeshoelio	croeshoeliai fo
darlunio	darlunion nhw
gwylio	gwylied
rhodio	rhodiasech
rhedeg	rhedai
loncian	loncit
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolon nhw
cusanu	cusenid
rhwystro	rhwystrer
uno	unodd o
gwerthu	gwerthwch
clywed	clywaf
marchogaeth	marchogom
pwyso	pwysa
torri	torra
dychwelyd	dychwelech chi
deall	deallaist
rhuthro	rhuthron nhw
mwynhau	mwynhasom
cofio	cofiaswn
ysu	ysent
smygu	smygon nhw
dychwelyd	dychwelai fo
nyddu	nyddi
cenhedlu	cenhedla
defnyddio	defnyddi di
llosgi	llosgem
cysylltu	cysylltit
croesholi	croesholer
gwylio	gwylia
cynnig	cynigiont
hofran	hofranith o
pydru	pydraswn
iro	iraswn
cenhedlu	cenhedla
anfon	anfonent
clywed	clywch
terfynu	terfynasoch
dathlu	dathlwch
digwydd	digwyddwch chi
cyrraedd	cyraeddasent
prynu	pryna i
addo	addawodd o
rhwystro	rhwystrasai
cloi	clôm
ysmygu	ysmygedig
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolant
llwyddo	llwyddet ti
ysmygu	ysmygwn
rhedeg	rhedan nhw
sefyll	safasech
dilyn	dilynwn
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoloch chi
clymu	clymai fo
nyddu	nyddwyf
lleihau	lleihid
llanw	llanwont
ysu	ysai
lleoli	lleolom
tacluso	taclusodd
teithio	teithiais i
cusanu	cusanwn ni
cysgu	cysgwch
adolygu	adolygon nhw
coginio	coginiwn i
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwn
canu	canech chi
sylwebu	sylweban nhw
ystyried	ystyriaf
mwynhau	mwynhaont
cadw	cadwn ni
cynnig	cynigiasant
dodi	doden nhw
dileu	dilewn
agor	agoredig
cynnwys	cynhwysaist
gallu	gellych
croeshoelio	croeshoelier
ciledrych	ciledrychaist ti
siarad	siaredais
golchi	golchid
teimlo	teimlaist ti
siafio	siafiwn
deall	deallai
adolygu	adolygaswn
galw	galwant
diolch	diolchais
casáu	casâ
llosgi	llosgwn i
amgyffred	amgyffredoch chi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasoch
marchogaeth	marchogai fo
sylwebu	sylwebi di
meddwl	meddyliaist ti
braenu	braenwn
clywed	clywch chi
eistedd	eisteddid
gofyn	gofyn
pasio	pasia
uno	uni
cymryd	cymerasai
glawio	glawi di
dysgu	dysgwyd
dathlu	dathlaist ti
croesi	croesiai
deall	deallen nhw
canlyn	canlyni
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyon ni
sylwi	sylwsem
llosgi	llosgedig
croesholi	croesholedig
marchogaeth	marchogais
gafael	gafaelasom
sylwebu	sylwebon nhw
galw	galwasem
rhuthro	rhuthren nhw
elwa	elwa i
smygu	smygen ni
disgyn	disgynan nhw
addo	addawech chi
elwa	elwn
yfed	yfais i
ymarfer	ymarferem
gwrthod	gwrthodwn
ymuno	ymuner
darparu	darparen ni
dileu	dileent
smygu	smygoch
ceisio	ceisiodd
hudo	hudith o
methu	methwch chi
cysgu	cysgaf
stopio	stopiwyf
cuddio	cuddent
gallu	gallont
disgwyl	disgwyliaf
cysylltu	cysylltwch
colli	collwn ni
bwrw	bwriasant
cynnwys	cynhwysen nhw
peidio	peidioch chi
achosi	achosai fo
dodi	dodech
lleoli	lleolaist ti
adwthio	adwthiwch
pydru	pydraist
dangos	dangosai fo
elwa	elwech
cymryd	cymeront
gwerthu	gwerther
llyfu	llyfasech
gallu	galla i
amnewid	amnewidai fo
llosgi	llosgasem
pydru	pydraist ti
dileu	dileasit
hoelio	hoeliem
dilyn	dilynit
medru	medri di
coginio	coginiwn
marchogaeth	marchogodd o
sgwrsio	sgwrsiaist ti
mynd	aethent
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwch
ceisio	ceisia
bwrw	bwrion ni
rhuthro	rhuthrasit
croesi	croesir
gwerthu	gwerthasoch
rhedeg	rhedai fo
meddwl	meddyliasent
cuddio	cuddasoch
croesi	croesier
pydru	pydrwch chi
annog	anogasem
loncian	loncian nhw
meddwl	meddyliasai
lladd	lladdodd
croestorri	croestorrai fo
ymddwyn	ymddygaist ti
pweru	pwera i
dangos	dangoswn
yfed	yfwn
arwain	arweinioch
codi	coden ni
cynnull	cynullaist
claddu	claddan nhw
ymarfer	ymarferasom
talu	talent
pweru	pwerais i
cofio	cofiasem
loncian	lonciech
poeni	poenen ni
peidio	peidir
poeni	poenwyf
cysgu	cysgu
uno	unech chi
gwylio	gwylir
gwylio	gwyliwch
swyno	swynasom
cuddio	cudden ni
gafael	gafaelir
gwylio	gwyli di
gweld	gwelwyf
plannu	plennwch
llenydda	llenydda i
hofran	hofranwn
terfynu	terfynwch
ciledrych	ciledrychodd o
gwerthu	gwerth
lladd	lladdai
claddu	cladda
ymolchi	ymolchwn
stopio	stopiaf
gafael	gafaelem
addo	addawoch
elwa	elwch
difetha	difethont
cynnull	cynullais i
ymuno	ymunasid
defnyddio	defnyddiwch
adolygu	adolygom
taro	trawswn
gwlychu	gwlychwch
yfed	yfaist
sefyll	safent
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasit
coginio	coginiant
mwynhau	mwynhânt
marchogaeth	marchogaist
galluogi	galluogwch
hudo	hudedighudadwy
canu	canasid
danfon	danfonon nhw
gwrthod	gwrthodet ti
digwydd	digwyddwn
smygu	smygwn
croesholi	croesholai
codi	codit
casáu	casait
sylwebu	sylwebasem
sylwi	sylwsoch
atal	ataliasant
hedfan	hedfanent
casáu	casewch
arwain	arweinien nhw
ysu	yswn
gwario	gwariwn ni
hoelio	hoelient
deall	deallwyd
ennill	enillit
pydru	pydra
teithio	teithiet ti
codi	codedigcodadwy
rhedeg	rhedwn
dechrau	dechreuai
llosgi	llosgwch
medru	medrwyd
rhedeg	rheden nhw
dileu	dileer
cynnull	cynuller
canoli	canolen ni
hoelio	hoeliet ti
achosi	achosoch chi
lladd	lladdaswn
prynu	prynom
croesholi	croesholith o
tybio	tybiaswn
gwrthod	gwrthodwch
ffurfio	ffurfiwch
dechrau	dechreuen nhw
lladd	lladdech
hofran	hofranent
aros	arhosoch
cuddio	cuddwch chi
ennill	enillasant
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddai
ymarfer	ymarferai
aros	arhoswn ni
medru	medro
rhwygo	rhwygwn
braenu	braeni di
stopio	stopiwch
clywed	clywn
canu	canech
sylwebu	sylwebasant
peidio	peidiech
ennill	enillaist
meddwl	meddylion nhw
pydru	pydrant
cnuchio	cnuchion ni
ennill	enillych
talu	talen nhw
cusanu	cusano
disgwyl	disgwyliasom
dychwelyd	dychwelit
cofio	cofiasoch
ffurfio	ffurfier
clywed	clywai fo
colli	colli
galluogi	galluogedig
ystyried	ystyriaswn
hudo	hudit
ffili	ffilen nhw
rhegi	rhegwn
ysu	ysed
dychwelyd	dychweler
anfon	anfono
pasio	pasith o
difetha	difethi
agor	agorwch
darlunio	darluniasem
hudo	hudodd
golchi	golchai
ymarfer	ymarferasid
croesi	croesiasit
claddu	cladder
dodi	dodais
ymlacio	ymlacien ni
cilio	ciliet ti
sylwebu	sylweb
awgrymu	awgrymasit
amgyffred	amgyffredech chi
dangos	dangosodd
tacluso	taclusasant
rhegi	rhegi
coelio	coeliedig
digwydd	digwyddoch
darparu	darparasent
anghofio	anghofiwyd
annog	anogwch chi
tybio	tybid
ysmygu	ysmygasant
bwyta	bwytaoch
difetha	difethaist
cymryd	cymeran nhw
dodi	dodych
dileu	dileaswn
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennom
eistedd	eisteddais i
llanw	llanwyd
annog	anogwch
cyrraedd	cyraeddasom
hudo	huden nhw
rhegi	rhegwn
eistedd	eisteddwn
cerdded	cerddedig
defnyddio	defnyddiwch chi
iro	irasant
rhodio	rhodiasom
clymu	clymith o
dychwelyd	dychwelan nhw
ymweld	ymwelwn
penderfynu	penderfynen nhw
penderfynu	penderfynwch
syrthio	syrthier
gwrthod	gwrthodoch chi
ennill	enillom
loncian	lonciaswn
ymolchi	ymolchai
rhedeg	rhedech
swyno	swyn
siafio	siafiwn i
disgyn	disgynet ti
siafio	siafiom
rhwygo	rhwygedig
awgrymu	awgrymasant
peidio	peidiaist ti
swyno	swynasech
casáu	casasant
teithio	teithit
ffili	ffiler
dilyn	dilyned
bwrw	bwrith o
llosgi	llosgwch
niweidio	niweidiont
cofio	cofient
ciledrych	ciledrychwn
teithio	teithiom
parhau	parhawn
annog	anogasoch
rhwygo	rhwygasech
siarad	siarada
prynu	prynaswn
lladd	lleddwch
gorffen	gorffen
clywed	clywsent
nyddu	nyddir
dychwelyd	dychwelaist ti
pasio	pasiaist ti
darllen	darllenont
torri	torrem
llenydda	llenyddon ni
clywed	clywen nhw
pydru	pydrai fo
penderfynu	penderfynasoch
claddu	claddir
gwylio	gwyliedig
sefyll	safa
pwyso	pwyswn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddon nhw
ymuno	ymunasem
cusanu	cusanont
atal	atalient
cofio	cofiwch chi
cilio	cili di
galluogi	galluogen nhw
gwenu	gwenaf
lluddias	lluddian nhw
golchi	golchasit
rhegi	rhega i
rhwygo	rhwygech
parhau	parheid
bwrw	bwriwch
cysylltu	cysylltaswn
yfed	yfwch chi
gafael	gafaelent
gwenu	gwenech
dysgu	dysga
yfed	yfwn ni
sefyll	safasoch
siarad	siaradais i
gallu	gallwn
ystyried	ystyriasech
cenhedlu	cenhedledig
peidio	peidiech
cenhedlu	cenhedlwn
marchogaeth	marchogir
gwylio	gwyliais i
croeshoelio	croeshoelied
arwain	arweiniasit
adolygu	adolyget ti
difetha	difethon nhw
gweld	gwelon ni
peidio	peidiet ti
clywed	clywid
ymolchi	ymolchen nhw
cerdded	cerddwch
palu	palo
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiais i
clywed	clywodd
llosgi	llosgi
hudo	hudwn
rhedeg	rhedent
codi	codwn
llanw	llenwch
difetha	difethasid
pasio	pasien ni
amgyffred	amgyffredi
gwylio	gwyliom
pwyso	pwysodd o
braenu	braenwn i
ymweld	ymwelaswn
prynu	prynid
cysgu	cysgaswn
clymu	clymwn
niweidio	niweidio
gadael	gadawai
defnyddio	defnyddiasit
mwynhau	mwynheuodd o
annog	anogwch
darparu	darparont
galw	galwasoch
canu	canan nhw
dodi	doda
nyddu	nyddaf
dangos	dangosa
croeshoelio	croeshoeliodd o
lluddias	lluddion ni
rhedeg	rhedet ti
rhedeg	rhedwch
gadael	gadawith o
atal	atalier
coelio	coeliodd o
parhau	parheaist
ymolchi	ymolchi di
bwrw	bwriwch
ymweld	ymwelo
cuddio	cuddech chi
tybio	tybiaf
cuddio	cuddais i
amau	ameuasai
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddi
agor	agorwn i
caru	caraist ti
arfer	arfero
hofran	hofrani
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasid
gorffen	gorffennwch chi
tacluso	taclusais
ymuno	ymunai
bwyta	bwytwn ni
cynnau	cyneuwyd
ymarfer	ymarferent
galw	galwem
disgyn	disgynom
adolygu	adolygwn
cloi	clowch chi
galluogi	galluogwn
eistedd	eisteddi di
dangos	dangosasit
crynu	crynwn ni
gwenu	gwenasai
clymu	clyman nhw
diolch	diolch
agor	agoro
tybio	tybiwch
methu	methasid
marchogaeth	marchogon ni
dangos	dangosi
dilyn	dilynych
cyfarfod	cyfarfydda i
cadw	cadwasem
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddid
canu	cenwch
adolygu	adolygwyf
cusanu	cusanon ni
tacluso	taclusa i
addo	addawoch chi
gafael	gafaelit
ysu	yser
addysgu	addysger
parhau	parhaoch
claddu	claddasem
pwyso	pwysoch
defnyddio	defnyddiasem
aros	arhoson ni
torri	torrer
loncian	loncid
dysgu	dysgasom
awgrymu	awgrymodd o
siarad	siaradasem
dangos	dangosoch
siarad	siarada i
addo	addawont
gwario	gwariai fo
aros	arhosi
cerdded	cerddasai
dweud	dywedwch chi
braenu	braenwn
medru	medrwn
cysylltu	cysyllta
claddu	claddedig
digwydd	digwyddasit
gwlychu	gwlychasant
llosgi	llosgasoch
cuddio	cuddech
gorffen	gorffen
colli	collon nhw
cymryd	cymeri di
teimlo	teimloch chi
pasio	pasiech chi
disgyn	disgynwyd
lladd	lladdwn
gweld	gwelit
rhedeg	rhedaswn
smygu	smyged
rhwystro	rhwystra
smygu	smygan nhw
siafio	siafiem
cofio	cofiwn
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennant
sgwrsio	sgwrsien ni
cynnwys	cynhwysaf
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasoch
gorchuddio	gorchuddir
deall	deallent
medru	medrai fo
croestorri	croestorran nhw
canu	canais i
meddwl	meddylien ni
dangos	dangosen nhw
ceisio	ceisio
ffili	ffilasom
gorchuddio	gorchuddiech chi
pweru	pweri di
gwario	gwarian nhw
smygu	smyger
iro	irasid
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasent
cerdded	cerddi di
hoelio	hoeliwn
medru	medrych
llyfu	llyfedig
poeni	poenon ni
lleoli	lleoledig
hudo	hudwch
teimlo	teimlit
swyno	swynwch chi
anfon	anfonasit
dangos	dangoso
digwydd	digwyddi
cynnig	cynigiasom
awgrymu	awgrymech
edliw	edliwiwch
gwenu	gwenasent
marchogaeth	marchogi di
cwyno	cwynasoch
arfer	arferid
casáu	casaodd o
siafio	siafith o
talu	talasai
addysgu	addysgoch chi
methu	methech chi
dodi	doda i
ciledrych	ciledrychwn
galw	galwet ti
hudo	hudasech
credu	credaist ti
cerdded	cerddant
anfon	anfonasem
poeni	poenasant
gorchuddio	gorchuddiom
lleihau	lleiher
niweidio	niweidiai fo
defnyddio	defnyddio
ffili	ffili
deall	deallasech
condemnio	condemnid
niweidio	niweidio
lleoli	lleolon nhw
casáu	caseir
ffili	ffilon ni
cuddio	cuddit
cysylltu	cysylltoch
llwyddo	llwyddon ni
dechrau	dechreuan nhw
colli	collai
gorchuddio	gorchuddio
amnewid	amnewidith o
hoelio	hoeliasom
cerdded	cerdded
amau	ameuasoch
prynu	pryni di
crynu	crynon nhw
dechrau	dechreuom
hedfan	hedfanasem
cenhedlu	cenhedlech chi
cysylltu	cysyllten ni
dweud	dywedodd o
gafael	gafaelech chi
cysgu	cysgwn
uno	unid
ymuno	ymunoch
yfed	yfasit
ysu	ysaswn
annog	anogont
addysgu	addysgon nhw
gorffen	gorffennant
gwerthu	gwerthasem
rhegi	rhegont
atal	ateli
ymweld	ymwelen nhw
digwydd	digwyddid
dychwelyd	dychwelen nhw
rhodio	rhodiasent
dangos	dangosech chi
ceisio	ceisiech
clymu	clymech
disgwyl	disgwyliwyf
terfynu	terfynych
lladd	lladd
clymu	clymon nhw
meddwl	meddylio
ysu	ysoch chi
rhofio	rhofiedig
gweld	gwêl
meddwl	meddyliaswn
cerdded	cerddasent
torri	torro
dweud	dywedo
gwylio	gwyliech
crynu	crynwch
crynu	crynwn
amgyffred	amgyffreded
mynd	elech
disgyn	disgynent
croesi	croesiant
clywed	clywsem
tybio	tybiasem
rhwystro	rhwystraist
clymu	clymech chi
gwlychu	gwlychais
pweru	pweron nhw
ymolchi	ymolchan nhw
atal	ataliodd
addo	addawaist ti
loncian	lonciaf
croeshoelio	croeshoeliont
cysylltu	cysyllto
smygu	smygaist
addysgu	addysgen ni
agor	agorer
llwyddo	llwyddon nhw
ennill	enillwn i
elwa	elwi di
dysgu	dysgent
mynd	aethont
mwynhau	mwynheuon nhw
llanw	llanwit
medru	medru
iro	iroch chi
cysylltu	cysylltai fo
gofyn	gofynnant
annog	anogodd o
crynu	crynwch
uno	unent
codi	codasem
iro	iraist
stopio	stopiasai
golchi	golchaist ti
claddu	claddwn
iro	irom
tacluso	tacluset ti
cynnwys	cynhwysid
digwydd	digwyddaswn
canu	canwn
cerdded	cerddaist
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddaist
lleihau	lleihwn
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwch chi
rhoi	rhowch
cwyno	cwynaist
aros	arhosed
coginio	coginia i
lluddias	lluddias
galluogi	galluogwn
canlyn	canlynech chi
lleoli	lleolwn i
smygu	smygu
addo	addawom
parhau	parhaem
rhofio	rhofi di
aros	arhosais i
codi	codais
croestorri	croestorron ni
ysmygu	ysmygo
cysgu	cysgwch
pwyso	pwysant
lluddias	lluddiem
rhwystro	rhwystren ni
amau	amheua
awgrymu	awgryma i
rhofio	rhofiasoch
galw	galwech
ymuno	ymunasent
gafael	gafaelwn ni
arwain	arweinient
anfon	anfonoch
cusanu	cusaner
llosgi	llosgo
cynnull	cynulla
hedfan	hedfanedig
caledu	caledwch chi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasem
ystyried	ystyrion nhw
dodi	dodwyd
canlyn	canlynasid
siarad	siaredych
cysylltu	cysylltech chi
gwylio	gwyliwch
teithio	teithient
siarad	siaradasech
annog	anogaswn
canu	canwn
condemnio	condemniwch
canlyn	canlynwyd
cadw	ceidw
mwynhau	mwynhasai
rhedeg	rhed
sgwrsio	sgwrsion nhw
arfer	arferit
croesholi	croesholent
hedfan	hedfanwn i
poeni	poenasid
ystyried	ystyriwn
rhedeg	rhedi
defnyddio	defnyddiech chi
claddu	claddon nhw
disgwyl	disgwyliasent
gweld	gweler
siarad	siaradasid
dodi	dodasom
elwa	elwon ni
cuddio	cuddi di
ymddwyn	ymddygaswn
cusanu	cusanodd
annog	anogent
rhedeg	rheder
lluddias	lluddiasid
mynd	aethom
crynu	cryna
palu	palan nhw
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwn
anghofio	anghofiet ti
amgyffred	amgyffredwn
cynnull	cynulloch chi
caledu	caleden ni
sefyll	safem
cysgu	cysgodd o
ennill	enillwyd
cadw	cadwer
annog	anogasit
dychwelyd	dychwelych
edliw	edliwiais
darparu	darparu
arfer	arferasent
cerdded	cerddent
condemnio	condemnian nhw
sgwrsio	sgwrsiais i
pweru	pweren nhw
arwain	arweiniont
casáu	casaet ti
croesholi	croesholer
ysu	yson nhw
cyfnewid	cyfnewidi
canu	canith o
gafael	gafaelasoch
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyent
rhwystro	rhwystrasid
diolch	diolchech chi
loncian	lonciech chi
ymlacio	ymlaciwyf
canlyn	canlynwn
teithio	teithion ni
dweud	dywedasem
canu	cenaist
torri	torri di
loncian	lonciasid
dysgu	dysgwyf
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddech
stopio	stopient
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwyd
cynnwys	cynhwysai fo
codi	codasit
aros	arhosent
anghofio	anghofiais
ciledrych	ciledrychen ni
gweld	gwelen nhw
treisio	treisiwyd
loncian	lonciwn i
iro	iri di
ffurfio	ffurfiech
difetha	difethon ni
gorffen	gorffenasoch
amgyffred	amgyffredasent
ysu	ysu
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddom
ymlacio	ymlacio
canu	canodd
terfynu	terfynaist ti
hoelio	hoeliech
nyddu	nyddi di
gwerthu	gwerthaist
cynnull	cynullasid
diolch	diolchon nhw
bwyta	bwyta
gadael	gadawech chi
talu	tala i
siafio	siafiwn
dysgu	dysgont
agor	agorwch
bwyta	bwytawn
arwain	arweiniai fo
marchogaeth	marchogedig
anfon	anfonit
cysylltu	cysylltasoch
canu	canasit
methu	methet ti
ymolchi	ymolched
darparu	darpara
crynu	crynais
disgyn	disgynodd
gallu	gallet ti
bwyta	bwytaist ti
parhau	parhaodd
ciledrych	ciledrychent
ennill	enillais i
methu	methed
cadw	cadwen ni
ymweld	ymwelet ti
talu	talasech
syrthio	syrthient
loncian	loncio
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddoch
hudo	hudaswn
rhodio	rhodiasem
darparu	darparasid
torri	torroch chi
ymlacio	ymlaciasit
hedfan	hedfani di
iro	irai
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdder
dysgu	dysgasid
smygu	smygedig
parhau	parhânt
danfon	danfon
cysgu	cysgasid
canu	canen ni
arwain	arweiniasent
difetha	difethasent
clymu	clymwn ni
difetha	difethom
gorchuddio	gorchuddiech
prynu	prynoch
ciledrych	ciledrychais i
hoelio	hoelid
gwrthod	gwrthodith o
cofio	cofion ni
rhegi	rhegaist
methu	methasant
teithio	teithiwn
llosgi	llosgai
sylwi	sylwit
uno	unen ni
siafio	siafied
niweidio	niweidiwyf
croesi	croesiasem
hudo	huda
cusanu	cusanech chi
teithio	teithi
loncian	lonciwch
ffurfio	ffurfio
darllen	darllenasit
iro	irech
clywed	clywom
ymuno	ymunit
galw	galwith o
dileu	dileith o
croesi	croesaist ti
prynu	prynasoch
amgyffred	amgyffreden nhw
talu	taloch chi
llyfu	llyfasoch
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddon ni
danfon	danfonoch
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddych
ennill	enillon ni
llenydda	llenyddasom
nyddu	nyddon nhw
dychwelyd	dychweled
gallu	gall
sylwebu	sylwebont
rhuthro	rhuthrasem
awgrymu	awgryma
darllen	darllenodd
colli	collodd
hedfan	hedfan
elwa	elwaf
llenydda	llenyddwch
cerdded	cerdded
ysu	ysom
meddwl	meddyliwch
cynnig	cynigiaist
cloi	clois
rhofio	rhofiodd o
palu	palwn
penderfynu	penderfynwn
diolch	diolchwch
terfynu	terfynedig
poeni	poenech
ymolchi	ymolcha i
galw	galwaist ti
syrthio	syrthiasant
llanw	llanwent
sefyll	safwch
rhofio	rhofiant
rhuthro	rhuthra i
cynnau	cyneuon nhw
poeni	poeno
smygu	smygech
poeni	poenwch chi
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywch
darlunio	darluniasant
codi	coda
sylwebu	sylweba
hofran	hofranaist
canoli	canolwn i
agor	agored
swyno	swynaist
terfynu	terfynwn
edliw	edliwiech
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyaswn
hoelio	hoelio
rhegi	rheger
darllen	darllenych
uno	unasech
ymddwyn	ymddygent
cynnig	cynigiais
achosi	achosech chi
galw	galwedig
tacluso	taclusasem
gwenu	gwenasom
codi	codon nhw
danfon	danfonent
anghofio	anghofiaist
cwyno	cwynwn
addysgu	addysgi
loncian	lonci
dileu	dilewn
gadael	gadael
gwenu	gwenwch chi
gwerthu	gwerthith o
gwario	gwarioch chi
dodi	dodwyf
ymweld	ymwelai fo
disgwyl	disgwylioch
llosgi	llosgit
cysgu	cysgasom
gwrthod	gwrthodwch
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasem
ffili	ffilaist ti
anghofio	anghofith o
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasom
claddu	cladden ni
cynnau	cyneuaist
clywed	clywoch chi
ennill	enillet ti
difetha	difetha
cyfnewid	cyfnewidier
rhegi	rhegid
nyddu	nyddasant
gallu	gelli
dysgu	dysgo
pwyso	pwysodd
marchogaeth	marchoged
ennill	enillasech
hofran	hofranedig
addo	addawa
dweud	dywedasom
disgyn	disgynoch chi
atal	ataloch chi
difetha	difethasom
torri	tyr
ystyried	ystyriai
methu	methasit
gorchuddio	gorchuddied
sylwebu	sylwebasom
cusanu	cusanwn
condemnio	condemnia
poeni	poenasit
diolch	diolchem
hudo	hudodd o
cadw	cedwi
penderfynu	penderfynasech
addo	addawed
eistedd	eisteddwch
pasio	pasion ni
smygu	smygwch
golchi	golchwn
gweld	gwelent
digwydd	digwyddedig
cynnau	cyneuwn
dechrau	dechreuasai
difetha	difethasai
sefyll	safed
tacluso	taclusir
rhedeg	rhedwch
treisio	treision nhw
atal	atala i
bwyta	bwytâf
llenydda	llenyddent
addo	addawem
clymu	clymoch chi
ymlacio	ymlaciwn ni
mwynhau	mwynheuwch chi
difetha	difethech
llyfu	llyfasem
rhedeg	rheda
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwch
cysylltu	cysyllton ni
codi	codont
dechrau	dechreua i
sylwebu	sylwebom
atal	atalient
loncian	lonciwch
bwyta	bwytech chi
llanw	llanwaswn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddem
galluogi	galluogasid
terfynu	terfynwn
anghofio	anghofiwn
rhwystro	rhwystrwyf
canu	canasem
atal	atalan nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedlaist ti
hofran	hofranaf
gwylio	gwyliaist ti
hudo	hudwn
syrthio	syrthiwch chi
ymuno	ymunent
bwrw	bwrir
bwyta	bwytaom
crynu	crynon ni
canu	canwyd
iro	irwn
anafu	anafon nhw
ceisio	ceisiem
torri	torren nhw
mwynhau	mwynhaem
poeni	poenwn
anghofio	anghofiasai
ennill	enilla i
difetha	difethech chi
marchogaeth	marchogasem
clymu	clymasai
cysgu	cysgon ni
sylwebu	sylwebet ti
gafael	gafaelwyf
braenu	braenoch
dweud	dywedech
cynnwys	cynhwysir
condemnio	condemniwn
siarad	siaradasent
coelio	coelid
darllen	darllenedig
eistedd	eisteddo
amnewid	amnewidon nhw
disgwyl	disgwyliaswn
methu	methent
methu	methwch
gwario	gwariwn i
glawio	glawiai fo
dysgu	dysgaist
teithio	teithiech chi
llenydda	llenyddodd o
meddwl	meddylid
difetha	difethedig
lleoli	lleolasid
nyddu	nyddwch
hudo	huder
rhodio	rhodio
llenydda	llenyddwn i
cuddio	cuddon nhw
dangos	dengys
yfed	yfwch
rhedeg	rhedid
amau	amheuoch
darparu	darparir
gwylio	gwylioch chi
arwain	arweiniwch
marchogaeth	marchogasai
amau	amheua
caru	caront
anafu	anafwch chi
clywed	clywoch
ymuno	ymunaswn
claddu	claddant
cysgu	cysgoch chi
gadael	gad
bwyta	bwyta
ymddwyn	ymddygi
dychwelyd	dychwelasom
pwyso	pwysid
claddu	claddasid
ymolchi	ymolchwn
darlunio	darlunit
cwyno	cwynasem
cadw	cadwit
ymarfer	ymarfera i
dysgu	dysgwn
rhuthro	rhuthren ni
elwa	elwi
coelio	coeliant
gwlychu	gwlychen ni
bwrw	bwrid
dilyn	dilynai
croesholi	croesholodd
rhoi	rhown
ystyried	ystyriai fo
rhuthro	rhuthrant
disgyn	disgynoch
llyfu	llyfom
ciledrych	ciledrychith o
cenhedlu	cenhedla
pydru	pydren ni
cusanu	cuseni
medru	medrai
gweld	gwelwyd
syrthio	syrthi
claddu	claddi
medru	medrid
peidio	peidiem
diolch	diolchaist ti
cloi	clowyd
agor	agorent
aros	arosasom
digwydd	digwyddon nhw
gwerthu	gwerther
talu	talent
galw	galwasent
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwn
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwn i
hedfan	hedfanai fo
lluddias	lluddier
cusanu	cusanent
penderfynu	penderfyned
cynnig	cynigion ni
talu	talet ti
difetha	difethaist ti
hudo	hudo
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasech
ffili	ffilwn
rhuthro	rhuthran nhw
yfed	yfid
dysgu	dysgasai
smygu	smyget ti
gwerthu	gwerthech
llenydda	llenydda
danfon	danfonwch
galluogi	galluogasech
croestorri	croestorasech
nyddu	nyddwn
rhwystro	rhwystrych
hoelio	hoeliais i
cyfieithu	cyfieithwn i
dychwelyd	dychwelid
canu	canasant
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwn ni
gwylio	gwylio
taro	trawoch
amau	amheua i
cerdded	cerddais
iro	iron nhw
canu	canwch
cynnwys	cynnwys
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddent
difetha	difethwyd
coelio	coeliwn
achosi	achoswn ni
dilyn	dilynech chi
ffili	ffilwyf
treisio	treisian nhw
dathlu	dathlwch chi
marchogaeth	marchogasid
annog	anogoch chi
ceisio	ceisiasai
yfed	yfoch chi
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasai
disgwyl	disgwyliem
iro	irasai
gadael	gadawswn
darllen	darllenasant
gwenu	gwenwn
ysu	ysa
cyfieithu	cyfieithwch chi
llenydda	llenyddodd
addo	addawsech
coelio	coeliwyd
galw	galwodd o
ymarfer	ymarferaist
rhofio	rhofio
llenydda	llenyddwch
rhuthro	rhuthront
niweidio	niweidiodd
ymddwyn	ymddyga i
darparu	darparant
glawio	glawion ni
condemnio	condemniet ti
cwyno	cwyni
arwain	arweiniaswn
canlyn	canlynwch
torri	torrych
iro	irasom
prynu	prynasech
darlunio	darlunia i
parhau	parhaed
cloi	cloi
condemnio	condemniasem
codi	codwch
sylwebu	sylweben ni
annog	anogoch
awgrymu	awgrymon nhw
prynu	prynaist
stopio	stopiasant
colli	collwn
ffurfio	ffurfiais
gwerthu	gwerthwn i
gwlychu	gwlychwch
cynnau	cyneuodd o
rhwystro	rhwystrwyd
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddit
anfon	anfonych
elwa	elwswn
palu	palasid
ymarfer	ymarferasent
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwch
ymlacio	ymlacian nhw
galw	galwasit
sefyll	safych
rhwygo	rhwygont
hedfan	hedfana i
darlunio	darluniwch
anghofio	anghofiech chi
colli	colli
sgwrsio	sgwrsiont
lluddias	lluddiasech
sylwi	sylwoch
teithio	teithio
ymolchi	ymolchit
croesi	croesiaf
croeshoelio	croeshoeliant
pwyso	pwysa i
tacluso	taclusasai
siarad	siaradasom
sgwrsio	sgwrsier
iro	irodd
gwlychu	gwlychasent
llyfu	llyfed
bwrw	bwriwn ni
eistedd	eistedden ni
anfon	anfonaist
canu	canedigcanadwy
anfon	anfonasent
cysgu	cysgant
ennill	enillen ni
coelio	coeliais i
treisio	treisiet ti
diolch	diolchaswn
canu	caner
gofyn	gofynnais
adolygu	adolygu
cnuchio	cnuchian nhw
marchogaeth	marchogasant
croesholi	croesholi
adolygu	adolygent
rhegi	rhegech
palu	palent
cynnig	cynigioch
arfer	arferwn ni
gorchuddio	gorchuddiaist
cynnau	cyneuasech
mwynhau	mwynheuech chi
cadw	cadwont
eistedd	eisteddych
gafael	gafaelaist
bwyta	bwytawn
niweidio	niweidiech
sgwrsio	sgwrsier
amau	amheuem
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwn
teithio	teithiodd
gwlychu	gwlychai
cloi	clooch chi
talu	talaswn
palu	palaswn
terfynu	terfynent
gallu	gallaswn
atal	atalwn i
mynd	aethoch
gallu	gallon ni
sylwi	sylwon ni
dysgu	dysg
darllen	darllened
codi	cododd o
ennill	enillodd o
caledu	caledwn ni
arfer	arferoch
poeni	poenasem
ymweld	ymweli di
llenydda	llenyddom
amgyffred	amgyffreda
coelio	coelith o
gwerthu	gwertha i
diolch	diolchych
lluddias	lluddiedig
amgyffred	amgyffredais i
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasent
gafael	gafaelais
cofio	cofiaist ti
cynnwys	cynhwysant
sylwi	sylwed
gafael	gafaelan nhw
darllen	darllenwn ni
medru	medraswn
disgwyl	disgwyliom
ffili	ffilit
cwyno	cwyno
croestorri	croestorrwyd
arwain	arweinio
bwrw	bwrit
methu	mether
defnyddio	defnyddiwch
darparu	darparais i
ymolchi	ymolchwn
siafio	siafio
lluddias	lluddiwn
cynnig	cynigiwch
eistedd	eisteddir
rhuthro	rhuthrwn
galluogi	galluogwn ni
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwn ni
dysgu	dysga i
canlyn	canlynom
amgyffred	amgyffredych
llyfu	llyfer
rhofio	rhofiwch chi
gwlychu	gwlychech chi
ymarfer	ymarferwn
rhodio	rhodi
cerdded	cerddasech
lluddias	lluddiwch
ennill	enilli
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoli di
dangos	dangosych
amgyffred	amgyffredon nhw
arwain	arweiniwn
terfynu	terfynwch chi
amgyffred	amgyffredom
condemnio	condemniwyd
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasoch
ymolchi	ymolchwn i
sylwi	sylwyd
edliw	edliwiasai
lluddias	lluddiasom
caru	carer
llanw	llanwn
llanw	llanwedig
llenydda	llenyddant
penderfynu	penderfynon nhw
amnewid	amnewidodd o
darllen	darllenwn
pydru	pydrasem
rhuthro	rhuthrodd o
ymweld	ymwelaf
hoelio	hoelient
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoler
talu	talwch
siafio	siafian nhw
caru	caret ti
condemnio	condemniedig
croeshoelio	croeshoelien nhw
atal	ateliwch
awgrymu	awgrymem
dysgu	dysget ti
cyrraedd	cyraeddasech
braenu	braenont
eistedd	eisteddwyd
talu	tâl
eistedd	eisteddoch
mwynhau	mwynhait
canoli	canolon ni
swyno	swynais i
poeni	poenodd
defnyddio	defnyddiant
marchogaeth	marchogan nhw
cysylltu	cysyllta i
disgwyl	disgwylier
rhoi	rhoddech chi
gwerthu	gwerthasit
sylwebu	sylweber
deall	deallych
deall	deallon nhw
siarad	siaredir
coelio	coeliwch
amgyffred	amgyffreda
agor	agorwn
cloi	clo
dileu	dileedig
ennill	enillasid
golchi	golchodd
uno	uni di
cymryd	cymerwch
croesholi	croesholent
difetha	difethodd
rhegi	rhegasant
taro	trawsit
dodi	dodaf
niweidio	niweidiwn
ystyried	ystyriwch
deall	deallan nhw
prynu	prynasid
eistedd	eisteddom
anghofio	anghofiodd o
uno	unont
codi	codasom
ennill	enillwn
galw	galwch chi
torri	torrith o
prynu	prynai
smygu	smygais
rhwygo	rhwygwyf
agor	agorais
ymuno	ymunasech
ymweld	ymweld
gorffen	gorffennem
nyddu	nydden ni
penderfynu	penderfynoch
adolygu	adolygid
methu	metha i
teithio	teithiwch
teimlo	teimlai fo
defnyddio	defnyddiaist
croesi	croesiont
mwynhau	mwynhaed
pydru	pydra
gafael	gafaeler
nyddu	nydder
difetha	difethi di
pydru	pydrom
tybio	tybiasit
siafio	siafiaswn
marchogaeth	marchogent
cilio	cilion ni
siarad	siaraden nhw
mwynhau	mwynheuais i
cofio	cofiech chi
ffurfio	ffurfiwn
rhwygo	rhwygasent
croesholi	croesholiwch chi
hedfan	hedfanir
defnyddio	defnyddient
galluogi	galluogasent
dileu	dileasid
cysgu	cysgid
arwain	arweiniwyd
sefyll	safais i
smygu	smygasoch
dilyn	dilynwch
dysgu	dysgoch chi
gwenu	gwenan nhw
amau	amheuir
llanw	llanwodd
ceisio	ceisith o
llanw	llanwasech
ciledrych	ciledrychi
gallu	gallen nhw
digwydd	digwyddo
atal	atelit
plannu	plennais
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddan nhw
rhegi	rhegoch chi
mwynhau	mwynhasit
llanw	llanw
torri	torasant
cofio	cofiedig
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwch
edliw	edliwiaswn
methu	metha
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasech
ymddwyn	ymddygai
galluogi	galluogan nhw
palu	palwn i
gallu	gallasant
cynnau	cyneuom
pydru	pydrith o
bwrw	bwria
credu	credoch chi
awgrymu	awgrymais i
gadael	gadawn ni
lleihau	lleihwn
crynu	crynaist ti
ffili	ffilith o
darllen	darllenwn
danfon	danfoner
penderfynu	penderfynai fo
gwlychu	gwlychaswn
arwain	arweinian nhw
claddu	claddodd o
condemnio	condemnioch
ffili	ffilon nhw
hedfan	hedfanwch chi
talu	talit
annog	anogwn
rhedeg	rheder
llenydda	llenyddais
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddech
dysgu	dysgwch
ceisio	ceisia i
dilyn	dilynwch
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddont
defnyddio	defnyddied
ysu	ysen nhw
gwerthu	gwerthom
ffili	ffilasem
golchi	golchan nhw
lleoli	lleolwn
gafael	gafaelent
palu	palasent
rhedeg	rhedasant
gorffen	gorffenna i
agor	agorith o
caru	caran nhw
amau	amheuwn i
ymddwyn	ymddygir
llyfu	llyfaist
ymolchi	ymolchwn ni
iro	irwyf
awgrymu	awgryma
uno	unwch
ceisio	ceision nhw
glawio	glawiwn i
rhwygo	rhwygoch chi
gwenu	gwenai
deall	deallwch
methu	methon ni
lleoli	lleolan nhw
hudo	hudasent
ciledrych	ciledrychir
croestorri	croestorasoch
ffurfio	ffurfiwn
llosgi	llosgech
golchi	golchi di
difetha	difethed
cenhedlu	cenhedler
gwylio	gwyliwn
dilyn	dilynais i
amnewid	amnewidwch chi
cadw	cadwasech
elwa	elwech chi
cofio	cofiwn
siarad	siaradem
croeshoelio	croeshoelioch chi
dweud	dywedet ti
tybio	tybiodd
darlunio	darluniodd
ciledrych	ciledrychasit
codi	codasech
cusanu	cusanen nhw
croestorri	croestorrodd
crynu	crynedig
croesholi	croesholiwch
llosgi	llosgych
dechrau	dechreuwn
cilio	cili
ymarfer	ymarferer
danfon	danfonasent
ffili	ffilaf
cenhedlu	cenhedlwch
difetha	difethen nhw
rhodio	rhodi
nyddu	nyddwch
teithio	teithiodd o
gorchuddio	gorchuddient
nyddu	nyddych
pwyso	pwysith o
rhedeg	rhedais i
arfer	arferwch chi
gwrthod	gwrthoda
gwrthod	gwrthodasit
ffili	ffila
coginio	coginier
sylwi	sylwan nhw
ymuno	ymunwn i
elwa	elwent
rhegi	rhegwyf
dileu	dileych
rhegi	rhegodd o
taro	trawai
elwa	elwodd
cuddio	cuddwn
cilio	cilioch chi
sylwebu	sylwebasech
peidio	peidiedig
rhoi	rhoddet ti
ffurfio	ffurfient
ymddwyn	ymddygais
cysgu	cysgech
nyddu	nyddwn ni
edliw	edliwid
marchogaeth	marchogasoch
darparu	darparodd o
danfon	danfon
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywch
ffili	ffilwn i
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasant
coginio	coginient
aros	arhoson nhw
ennill	enillith o
penderfynu	penderfynwn
lleoli	lleolwyf
rhofio	rhofient
ffurfio	ffurfion ni
pydru	pydran nhw
gallu	gellir
llosgi	llosged
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolir
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolai
rhoi	rhodden nhw
galluogi	galluogwn
croestorri	croestorra
anfon	anfonasom
galluogi	galluogi
crynu	crynaswn
gweld	gwelent
gorffen	gorffennith o
awgrymu	awgrymasech
rhedeg	rhedwch
dweud	dywedir
ffili	ffiledig
danfon	danfonith o
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwn i
sgwrsio	sgwrsia
tacluso	taclusoch
syrthio	syrthiaist ti
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwch chi
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennent
cynnull	cynullai
teithio	teithiasech
ysmygu	ysmygasom
siafio	siafia
gwerthu	gwerth
dechrau	dechreuwyf
galluogi	galluoged
darlunio	darlunia
cadw	cadwodd o
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiaf
mwynhau	mwynheuai fo
gwario	gwari di
teithio	teithiwyd
croesholi	croesholwn
cwyno	cwynwyf
rhodio	rhodient
rhwygo	rhwygwch
cyrraedd	cyrraedd
treisio	treisiech chi
achosi	achosi di
talu	talech
awgrymu	awgrymwch chi
marchogaeth	marchogwyd
mynd	eith o
swyno	swynem
cerdded	cerddwch
dangos	dangosais
rhedeg	rheden ni
dodi	dodan nhw
canlyn	canlyno
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwn ni
lleoli	lleolais i
darlunio	darluniasoch
pydru	pydroch chi
sefyll	safaswn
siarad	siaradent
cyrraedd	cyraeddedig
galluogi	galluogi
rhwystro	rhwystri
clywed	clywen ni
dechrau	dechreuo
amgyffred	amgyffredant
sgwrsio	sgwrsi
meddwl	meddylient
terfynu	terfynant
palu	palen ni
cofio	cofient
bwrw	bwriwn
teithio	teithiech
gadael	gadawn
sylwi	sylwith o
galw	galwoch chi
pwyso	pwysont
pydru	pydrwyd
ceisio	ceisiai fo
teimlo	teimloch
rhuthro	rhuthrwn
cynnull	cynullon ni
medru	medrech
ymlacio	ymlacith o
bwrw	bwrient
dathlu	dathloch chi
ennill	enilla
siafio	siafid
ffurfio	ffurfiech chi
teithio	teithioch
plannu	plennir
stopio	stopiwn
ysmygu	ysmygwch
gweld	gwelsit
eistedd	eisteddwn
parhau	parhau
cloi	cloit
cenhedlu	cenhedlwn
gwlychu	gwlychent
disgwyl	disgwyl
mynd	aethoch chi
condemnio	condemniai
cloi	cloech
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwn
ymolchi	ymolchai fo
diolch	diolchodd o
gadael	gadawo
gweld	gwelsech
dathlu	dathlwn i
ymddwyn	ymddyga
hofran	hofranais i
rhodio	rhodiem
hofran	hofran
darllen	darllenasom
gwlychu	gwlychedig
hedfan	hedfani
eistedd	eisteddai
ymweld	ymwelasem
annog	anogem
ennill	enillasent
cymryd	cymerais i
atal	ataliasech
cilio	ciliasom
taro	trawer
claddu	claddasoch
sylwi	sylwi di
addo	addawa
pweru	pwerai fo
cerdded	cerddwyd
hofran	hofranen ni
addysgu	addysgai fo
croesi	croesais i
darparu	darparon nhw
codi	codasid
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiant
canu	cenir
dysgu	dysgan nhw
adolygu	adolygo
caru	carom
ffurfio	ffurfiaist
galluogi	galluogech
talu	talwch chi
sylwebu	sylwebech chi
ffili	ffila i
ymlacio	ymlaciech
galw	gelwais
anafu	anafen ni
coginio	coginiet ti
poeni	poenan nhw
gwrthod	gwrthoded
cenhedlu	cenhedlaf
teithio	teithith o
penderfynu	penderfynech chi
amau	amheuwn
dodi	dodent
siafio	siafiech
cofio	cofioch
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwn
uno	unaist
annog	anoged
ymuno	ymunwch
sylwi	sylwais i
tybio	tybiasent
medru	medrwn
ceisio	ceisio
hoelio	hoeliasid
disgyn	disgynaswn
cloi	cloodd o
rhodio	rhodi
clymu	clymwch chi
croesholi	croeshola
dilyn	dilynwyd
methu	methi
taro	trewir
crynu	crynodd o
dilyn	dilynwn i
cadw	cadwasom
braenu	braenais
cloi	cloaist ti
rhwygo	rhwygi
rhoi	rhoesent
clymu	clymasoch
peidio	peidiasent
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddant
cynnwys	cynhwyswyf
diolch	diolchasit
ffurfio	ffurfiwch
darlunio	darlunioch
elwa	elwer
disgwyl	disgwylient
atal	atalen nhw
treisio	treisiaist
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyen nhw
cloi	cloid
uno	unasit
darlunio	darlunient
cwyno	cwynoch
arfer	arfer
methu	methasai
caru	carant
iro	irodd o
cyfnewid	cyfnewidi di
terfynu	terfynom
ymweld	ymwelasid
anfon	anfonasoch
bwyta	bwytawyd
teithio	teithiech
crynu	crynoch chi
plannu	plannon ni
mynd	aer
niweidio	niweidiech chi
plannu	planna
elwa	elwoch
arwain	arweiniasai
canu	canasent
coelio	coeliasoch
gorffen	gorffennaf
bwrw	bwrian nhw
cyrraedd	cyrhaedder
taro	trewaist
ysu	yset ti
uno	unedigunadwy
casáu	casâf
gweld	gwelwch
gwlychu	gwlychoch
cysylltu	cysylltodd
hudo	huda
ymuno	ymuni
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasoch
gafael	gafaelasem
meddwl	meddwl
lladd	lladdasech
amau	amheuwn
swyno	swynwch
dysgu	dysgais
amnewid	amnewidi di
dilyn	dilyn
ceisio	ceisied
casáu	casaon ni
talu	tâl
meddwl	meddyli di
mynd	elont
defnyddio	defnyddio
marchogaeth	marchogwch
canoli	canolwch chi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolith o
cyfnewid	cyfnewidir
annog	anogir
cuddio	cuddasech
gofyn	gofynaswn
lladd	lladdwyd
clymu	clymwch
cofio	cofiaf
arwain	arweiniaist
croesi	croesiasech
cynnull	cynnull
rhedeg	rhedasent
lleihau	lleihit
disgyn	disgynir
yfed	yfed
ymlacio	ymlacioch
caru	carech
dychwelyd	dychwelem
clymu	clymo
cynnull	cynullwch
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddent
lluddias	lluddid
condemnio	condemniwch chi
difetha	difethith o
disgwyl	disgwyliasech
sgwrsio	sgwrsia
croestorri	croestorri
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddith o
anghofio	anghofiwch
cyfnewid	cyfnewidied
amgyffred	amgyffredir
cyfnewid	cyfnewidioch chi
dilyn	dilynasai
ffurfio	ffurfian nhw
clywed	clywem
galw	gelwych
cwyno	cwynwn
dangos	dangosa i
defnyddio	defnyddier
meddwl	meddyliais
hudo	hudais i
rhoi	rhois
ennill	enillaswn
cysylltu	cysylltent
niweidio	niweidit
iro	iro
gofyn	gofynnid
gwerthu	gwerthwn
mynd	awn
gafael	gafaeli di
rhoi	rhônt
cynnau	cyneuych
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddet ti
ffili	ffilasai
torri	torron nhw
agor	agorais i
ymuno	ymunan nhw
dysgu	dysgith o
ciledrych	ciledrychon ni
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiais
eistedd	eisteddodd o
colli	collant
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyit
crynu	crynoch
dychwelyd	dychwelwn i
caru	carasech
mynd	aethost
sefyll	safit
coginio	coginiodd
agor	agorwn
dangos	dangosasai
caledu	caleda
coelio	coelio
anfon	anfonith o
llenydda	llenydda
darllen	darllena
canu	cana i
bwrw	bwriodd o
cynnull	cynullai fo
cynnau	cyneuwch
digwydd	digwyddasai
condemnio	condemniech
colli	collwn i
golchi	golchwyd
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenna
hoelio	hoelien ni
ffurfio	ffurfi
ystyried	ystyried
croestorri	croestorasit
difetha	difether
cilio	cilion nhw
teithio	teithiasid
cynnig	cynigit
plannu	planasech
cynnwys	cynhwyser
dechrau	dechreuais
bwrw	bwriodd
gwrthod	gwrthod
amau	ameuasom
cynnau	cyneuwyf
cynnig	cynigiai
annog	anoga
coelio	coelia
tacluso	taclusai
gwrthod	gwrthodedig
rhwygo	rhwygodd o
gwlychu	gwlychoch chi
darllen	darlleno
rhegi	rhegwch
croeshoelio	croeshoeli
stopio	stopiech chi
rhoi	rhodda
arwain	arweiniasom
llanw	llenwid
dechrau	dechreuasem
amgyffred	amgyffredwn i
ymolchi	ymolchwch
darparu	darparasai
poeni	poenwch
coginio	coginiaswn
dilyn	dilynith o
clywed	clywent
awgrymu	awgrymwch
gwrthod	gwrthodent
clymu	clymedig
ffili	ffiloch chi
cynnull	cynullit
cynnau	cyneuit
gwerthu	gwerthi
cerdded	cerddaf
addysgu	addysgit
annog	anogasech
cusanu	cusenais
cenhedlu	cenhedlasom
cerdded	cerddwn
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwn i
siarad	siarader
gorffen	gorffenasit
ennill	eniller
aros	arhoswn
anghofio	anghofient
rhoi	rhoeswn
palu	palasai
torri	torasoch
galluogi	galluogent
claddu	claddi di
gwenu	gwenir
anghofio	anghofien ni
dangos	dangosaf
arfer	arferasom
tacluso	tacluson ni
arfer	arferwn
hofran	hofranwn
loncian	loncien ni
bwyta	bwytet ti
atal	atalioch
ystyried	ystyriedig
dileu	dilewch
rhegi	rhegwn
smygu	smyga
tacluso	taclusi di
talu	talasid
marchogaeth	marchogai
agor	agora i
amau	amheuodd
plannu	planna
darllen	darllenasem
dychwelyd	dychwelont
disgyn	disgyno
gwenu	gwener
cymryd	cymerasom
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolom
croesholi	croesholant
gwylio	gwyliet ti
ysmygu	ysmygen ni
condemnio	condemniaswn
hofran	hofrani di
cuddio	cuddodd
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyer
syrthio	syrthiom
codi	codoch
gwlychu	gwlychi di
talu	talwyf
rhuthro	rhuthrem
diolch	diolchasem
anfon	anfoned
poeni	poena
ymweld	ymwelwch
ymlacio	ymlaciech
arfer	arferant
ysu	ysant
disgwyl	disgwylien ni
niweidio	niweidioch
rhwystro	rhwystred
bwrw	bwriasem
torri	torrwch chi
parhau	pery
anfon	anfonasant
mynd	âi fe
amnewid	amnewidon ni
bwyta	bwytâ
mwynhau	mwynheuwn ni
crynu	crynasant
ymolchi	ymolchais i
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolaswn
stopio	stopiaist ti
braenu	braeni
cyfieithu	cyfieithais i
cynnig	cynigiais i
smygu	smygaf
croeshoelio	croeshoelient
ystyried	ystyriant
adolygu	adolygont
crynu	crynwyf
anghofio	anghofi di
treisio	treisia
canu	cân
medru	medra i
teimlo	teimlem
lleihau	lleihwch
arfer	arferen nhw
ymuno	ymunodd o
cynnwys	cynhwysais i
digwydd	digwyddai fo
peidio	peidi di
gorffen	gorffenno
cysylltu	cysylltych
plannu	planna i
darparu	darparoch
addo	addewch
smygu	smygodd
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywyf
cerdded	cerddodd o
dysgu	dysgant
gwerthu	gwerthech chi
digwydd	digwyddodd
pydru	pydrech chi
cenhedlu	cenhedlaist
ysu	ysasent
ffurfio	ffurfiasai
deall	deallom
amau	amheuwch
rhwystro	rhwystrwn
cynnau	cyneuwn i
mwynhau	mwynhasech
gwrthod	gwrthoder
cynnau	cyneuir
rhwygo	rhwygasai
cymryd	cymeredig
cynnau	cyneui
braenu	braenasent
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddi di
braenu	braenom
darllen	darllenwyd
llenydda	llenyddwyf
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasoch
danfon	danfonasai
addysgu	addysgent
tacluso	taclusit
lleoli	lleoler
sgwrsio	sgwrsia i
penderfynu	penderfynwn ni
ysu	yson ni
canu	canaswn
croesholi	croesholych
rhodio	rhodiwyd
ymolchi	ymolchasem
terfynu	terfynasem
plannu	plannoch chi
cilio	ciliasant
siarad	siaradon ni
stopio	stopiasech
ymweld	ymwelych
palu	pala i
llyfu	llyfid
hedfan	hedfanwn ni
defnyddio	defnyddiwn i
anghofio	anghofiom
crynu	cryner
penderfynu	penderfynoch chi
gafael	gafaelaswn
ymddwyn	ymddwyn
claddu	claddwch
bwrw	bwriai
elwa	elwais i
anfon	anfonaf
parhau	parhaent
prynu	prynais i
ymarfer	ymarferasant
danfon	danfonir
rhwygo	rhwygwch
gweld	gwelwn
annog	anogwyd
cofio	cofiaist
croesi	croesit
methu	methwn
cenhedlu	cenhedled
darllen	darllenoch
palu	palodd o
clywed	clywa i
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddon ni
amau	amheuom
uno	unan nhw
cerdded	cerddom
gafael	gafaelo
dileu	dilea i
mwynhau	mwynhasoch
digwydd	digwydder
torri	torraist ti
golchi	golchais i
teithio	teithiwn i
gwario	gwariwch
galw	galwon ni
coelio	coelient
crynu	cryned
hoelio	hoeliwn i
arfer	arferer
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasant
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwch
rhodio	rhodiom
sefyll	safasom
danfon	danfonwch
ciledrych	ciledrychech
cadw	cedwaist
teimlo	teimlwch
darparu	darparwn i
tybio	tybied
cynnig	cynigied
dileu	dileoch
claddu	claddwn ni
prynu	prynoch chi
dychwelyd	dychwelyd
coelio	coeliasit
swyno	swynon nhw
gwylio	gwyliaist
colli	collent
rhoi	rhoddith o
cysgu	cysgwch
hedfan	hedfanai
casáu	casawn
galw	galwont
elwa	elwais
addo	addawent
disgwyl	disgwylio
ymlacio	ymlaciai
ystyried	ystyrid
ystyried	ystyrit
agor	agoraist ti
palu	pala
gwerthu	gwerthem
iro	irasoch
ciledrych	ciledrychit
addo	addawit
atal	ataliasom
medru	medraist
ymweld	ymweler
palu	palasom
ymddwyn	ymddygi di
methu	methwn i
dychwelyd	dychwelwch
adolygu	adolygi
gwenu	gwened
clymu	clymaswn
sylwi	sylwyf
ciledrych	ciledrychwyf
cloi	cloent
ffili	ffiloch
galw	galwo
pydru	pydrit
awgrymu	awgryment
siarad	siaradwn
canlyn	canlynont
tacluso	taclus
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyo
codi	codwn i
cenhedlu	cenhedlwch chi
mwynhau	mwynhasem
ymarfer	ymarferwch
disgwyl	disgwyl
llenydda	llenyddwn
ymolchi	ymolchasent
cynnig	cynigiedig
ystyried	ystyrir
awgrymu	awgrymon ni
croesholi	croesholasom
dweud	dywedasech
casáu	casaen ni
dysgu	dysgasem
dangos	dangosaswn
medru	medrir
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwn
cynnwys	cynhwysodd o
lladd	lladdoch
canlyn	canlynwch
darparu	darparai
talu	talaist ti
llenydda	llenyddaist ti
cyfieithu	cyfieithith o
gorffen	gorffenni
addysgu	addysgen nhw
galluogi	galluogwch
cofio	cofiais i
disgwyl	disgwyli
croeshoelio	croeshoelio
cynnull	cynullodd
danfon	danfonwyd
annog	anogedig
cadw	cadwais i
cyfnewid	cyfnewidia i
galw	galwaswn
canoli	canoli di
amgyffred	amgyffredwch
gwerthu	gwerthaswn
ymarfer	ymarferen ni
croeshoelio	croeshoelio
rhegi	rhegon ni
siarad	siaradech
gafael	gafaelwch chi
crynu	cryner
atal	ataliech
edliw	edliwiasent
diolch	diolchoch
gafael	gafaelwn
croeshoelio	croeshoelia
mynd	aen ni
cwyno	cwynasant
plannu	plannoch
darlunio	darlunioch chi
syrthio	syrthia
bwrw	bwrion nhw
deall	deallwn
gweld	gwelen ni
llyfu	llyfoch
yfed	yfwch
hofran	hofranoch chi
lleoli	lleolet ti
rhedeg	rhedasom
tacluso	taclusen nhw
penderfynu	penderfynasid
cloi	cloer
aros	arhosant
teimlo	teimli di
dychwelyd	dychwelwch
sgwrsio	sgwrsiech
cuddio	cuddant
darllen	darllenwn i
uno	unaist ti
iro	irent
cloi	cloi di
crynu	crynasem
rhoi	rhoir
hudo	hudent
rhuthro	rhuthrwyd
hoelio	hoeliai
gwlychu	gwlychid
croeshoelio	croeshoeliais i
gwylio	gwyliem
colli	colledig
cerdded	cerddai fo
loncian	lonciodd o
lladd	lleddid
hoelio	hoelith o
llosgi	llosgwyf
aros	arhoswch
hoelio	hoelia
braenu	braenem
amnewid	amnewidwch
cusanu	cusenych
sgwrsio	sgwrsiai fo
poeni	poenasai
croestorri	croestorrych
torri	torasem
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiai
hedfan	hedfanasech
cymryd	cymryd
gwrthod	gwrthodwn
parhau	parheych
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiaswn
gwylio	gwylia i
gorffen	gorffennwn i
rhwygo	rhwygasant
mwynhau	mwynhasid
ymddwyn	ymddwg
sylwebu	sylwebwch chi
casáu	casedigcasadwy
ysmygu	ysmygi di
diolch	diolchant
ymarfer	ymarfero
ennill	enillwyf
annog	anoget ti
canlyn	canlynwn
cofio	cofiasit
dweud	dywedai
cynnau	cyneuech chi
rhoi	rhoi
ffili	ffilasid
torri	toraswn
danfon	danfonwch chi
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwn
caledu	caledet ti
gwrthod	gwrthodasoch
lleoli	lleolai
yfed	yfech chi
ysmygu	ysmygan nhw
clywed	clywith o
coelio	coelioch chi
smygu	smygith o
palu	palwch chi
amau	amheuen ni
ymddwyn	ymddygaf
elwa	elwem
crynu	cryni
ymolchi	ymolchech chi
cadw	cadwed
clywed	clywch
awgrymu	awgrymasai
cenhedlu	cenhedlont
yfed	yfasent
galluogi	galluogasoch
gofyn	gofynno
dangos	dangosit
gwrthod	gwrthodaf
cynnull	cynullent
cymryd	cymerasoch
arfer	arferwyd
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywch chi
cynnig	cynigia i
hedfan	hedfanasent
galluogi	galluogit
digwydd	digwyddais
dechrau	dechreuith o
palu	palais
rhwygo	rhwygodd
clymu	clymet ti
cuddio	cuddwn
coginio	cogini
cuddio	cuddwch
gadael	gadewaist
ymarfer	ymarfer
condemnio	condemnient
stopio	stopient
siarad	siaradont
ymlacio	ymlaciasid
cyfieithu	cyfieithodd o
dysgu	dysgai fo
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenni
darlunio	darluniasom
llanw	llenwch
cuddio	cudden nhw
prynu	prynwch chi
terfynu	terfynwn ni
darllen	darllena i
gofyn	gofynasent
crynu	crynwyd
gorchuddio	gorchuddient
edliw	edliwiasid
amgyffred	amgyffredasant
agor	agorit
dysgu	dysg
dangos	dangosent
prynu	pryner
gadael	gadawa
gadael	gadawch chi
ffurfio	ffurfiaist ti
arwain	arweiniasoch
palu	paler
pydru	pydrasom
lluddias	lluddi di
siafio	siafient
coelio	coelier
cusanu	cusanasid
darllen	darllenom
anfon	anfon
ymddwyn	ymddygwn ni
parhau	parhao
disgwyl	disgwyliodd o
cwyno	cwynent
teimlo	teimlodd o
amgyffred	amgyffredwch
dileu	dileem
gwenu	gwena i
gafael	gafaelom
rhuthro	rhuthrer
cusanu	cusanaswn
pwyso	pwyswch
dweud	dywededig
iro	irwn
difetha	difetha i
addo	addawsoch
cynnau	cyneuant
edliw	edliwiwn
rhuthro	rhuthrwch
cyfarfod	cyfarfydder
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddodd
cynnau	cyneuodd
arfer	arfer
difetha	difethais
coginio	coginied
dweud	dywedwn i
rhuthro	rhuthrid
torri	torrwn
ffurfio	ffurfi
gallu	gallasech
tybio	tybioch
gadael	gadawont
darllen	darllenai
digwydd	digwyddasom
bwrw	bwriaswn
hedfan	hedfanasai
croesi	croesiasom
lleoli	lleolo
cenhedlu	cenhedler
stopio	stopi
cerdded	cerddoch
disgwyl	disgwyliais i
anghofio	anghofier
coelio	coeliasech
prynu	pryno
elwa	elwn ni
codi	codwyd
disgwyl	disgwyliwn
ymlacio	ymlaciais i
addo	addawi di
addo	addewir
terfynu	terfynir
cynnau	cyneua i
clywed	clywsoch
gafael	gafael
cynnwys	cynhwysoch
casáu	casawyf
gofyn	gofynnwch
treisio	treisiasid
nyddu	nyddid
llosgi	llosgai fo
rhedeg	rhedaist
dweud	dyweden ni
condemnio	condemnith o
ystyried	ystyriasai
gafael	gafaelasent
ciledrych	ciledrycha
golchi	golchaist
defnyddio	defnyddia
yfed	yf
swyno	swynych
llyfu	llyfont
darllen	darlleni
ffurfio	ffurfiech
swyno	swynent
mynd	dos
mynd	elwyf
casáu	caseid
tybio	tybir
dechrau	dechreuych
syrthio	syrthiais i
nyddu	nyddem
cloi	clo
llosgi	llosgwn
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwch
siarad	siaradech chi
tybio	tybio
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasom
coelio	coelier
ystyried	ystyriasit
hedfan	hedfanaist
sefyll	safedigsafadwy
parhau	parheais
gafael	gafaelwn
caru	carwn ni
taro	trewch
danfon	danfonoch chi
pwyso	pwysaswn
rhwystro	rhwystrith o
clywed	clyw
amau	amheuant
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennem
gorffen	gorffenner
syrthio	syrthiasoch
danfon	danfonech
medru	medrwn i
sgwrsio	sgwrsiaist
gwlychu	gwlycher
plannu	planasoch
sgwrsio	sgwrsir
rhegi	rhegaf
rhwystro	rhwystrodd
yfed	yfo
ymuno	ymunon nhw
galw	galwai fo
cusanu	cusan
dweud	dywedwyf
awgrymu	awgrymwyf
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyoch chi
rhedeg	rhedith o
croesi	croeswn i
dathlu	dathlet ti
ymlacio	ymlacient
diolch	diolchi
cynnig	cynnig
sgwrsio	sgwrsio
disgyn	disgynasech
gadael	gadewch
cadw	cedwch
rhoi	rhoddwch
teithio	teithir
penderfynu	penderfynai
amau	amheuaf
ymarfer	ymarferont
ymolchi	ymolcher
gweld	gwelwch
lladd	lladdasent
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolont
ceisio	ceisiwyf
gadael	gadawech
methu	methasem
sylwi	sylwych
colli	collent
tacluso	tacluswyf
croestorri	croestorrith o
tybio	tybiwyd
mwynhau	mwynhaent
ymarfer	ymarferasai
lleihau	lleiher
terfynu	terfynai
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwyd
tacluso	tacluswn ni
mynd	elent
talu	talasem
hedfan	hedfanet ti
llanw	llanwasom
dileu	dilewch
gweld	gwelsant
cuddio	cuddwyf
nyddu	nyddent
amau	amheuaist ti
amau	amheuer
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddoch chi
tybio	tybiwn
disgwyl	disgwylier
rhoi	rhoddai fo
condemnio	condemnien ni
stopio	stopiwn i
croesholi	croesholien ni
ymweld	ymwelech
croeshoelio	croeshoelien ni
hofran	hofranaist ti
danfon	danfonasit
atal	ataliaf
cysgu	cysgo
canoli	canolodd o
gwenu	gwenit
digwydd	digwyddem
addo	addawsom
talu	talasom
bwyta	bwyteir
clywed	clyw
pydru	pydrais i
hudo	hudasoch
dychwelyd	dychwelet ti
amau	amheuych
lleoli	lleolasent
ennill	ennill
terfynu	terfyner
marchogaeth	marchogasech
cyfarfod	cyfarfuaswn
ymddwyn	ymddygan nhw
dweud	dywed
braenu	braena
awgrymu	awgrymasent
codi	codais i
canlyn	canlynem
lleoli	lleolent
gwerthu	gwerthasai
niweidio	niweidia
croestorri	croestorri di
rhofio	rhofia
ffurfio	ffurfiasant
loncian	lonciom
lleoli	lleolodd o
treisio	treisiasant
cysylltu	cysylltan nhw
achosi	achoswch chi
deall	deallai fo
lladd	lladd
arwain	arweiniem
llenydda	llenydded
eistedd	eisteddent
aros	arhosen nhw
sylwebu	sylweber
dangos	dangosedig
dileu	dileasent
anghofio	anghofiasem
addysgu	addysgasai
gwlychu	gwlychet ti
dechrau	dechreuaist
gwlychu	gwlychan nhw
croesholi	croesholwch
gwlychu	gwlychais i
gorffen	gorffennwyd
methu	methasent
sgwrsio	sgwrsiech
ysmygu	ysmygwch chi
ymolchi	ymolchon nhw
yfed	yfasom
difetha	difethoch chi
gweld	gwelir
swyno	swynir
gwenu	gwena
gwrthod	gwrthodech chi
golchi	golchech
gorchuddio	gorchuddith o
niweidio	niweidient
gallu	gellwch
dodi	dodaswn
pweru	pwera
ffili	ffilwch
niweidio	niweidith o
gwlychu	gwlychi
cofio	cofit
gorchuddio	gorchuddioch
lluddias	lluddient
crynu	crynech chi
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiaist ti
treisio	treisiasom
clywed	clywsid
glawio	glawia i
palu	paloch
rhwystro	rhwystrant
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyith o
rhofio	rhofiet ti
cynnau	cyneuai fo
sefyll	safech
cynnull	cynullan nhw
coelio	coeliaswn
terfynu	terfynasent
rhwystro	rhwystroch chi
addo	addawen nhw
rhedeg	rhedir
canu	ceni
treisio	treisiasech
lluddias	lluddiodd
rhodio	rhodiais
gwlychu	gwlychant
llyfu	llyfant
adwthio	adwthiech chi
braenu	braenent
clywed	clywer
ymarfer	ymarferi
mwynhau	mwynheych
rhofio	rhofiem
defnyddio	defnyddien nhw
ciledrych	ciledrychedig
elwa	elwsai
caledu	caledwn i
lleoli	lleolont
rhwystro	rhwystro
condemnio	condemniodd o
ennill	enillwch chi
ffili	ffilasech
golchi	golcho
ffili	ffilant
uno	unaf
clywed	clywais
teithio	teithi
sefyll	safent
coginio	coginiai
loncian	lonciant
llenydda	llenyddoch
disgwyl	disgwyliasoch
peidio	peidiwch
ciledrych	ciledrychasid
pwyso	pwyswyd
iro	irech chi
taro	trawyf
lleihau	lleihwch
coginio	coginiais i
ymarfer	ymarferasech
ymweld	ymwelith o
atal	ataliaswn
aros	arhoswch chi
coelio	coeliai fo
dodi	dodasent
uno	unon nhw
stopio	stopioch
awgrymu	awgrymasid
cynnau	cyneuan nhw
ymweld	ymwelasom
rhoi	rhoddodd o
ennill	enillais
siarad	siaredwch
hofran	hofranon nhw
ceisio	ceisient
galluogi	galluogasit
llenydda	llenyddasent
rhegi	rheg
darllen	darllenwn
amgyffred	amgyffredais
llosgi	llosgan nhw
danfon	danfonwyf
cloi	cloëdig
amnewid	amnewidais i
dechrau	dechreuer
cofio	cofier
croesholi	croesholom
methu	methen ni
cuddio	cuddwn
rhuthro	rhuthron ni
cilio	ciliedig
stopio	stopid
canlyn	canlynwn i
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwyf
uno	unon ni
hudo	huda i
tacluso	tacluswn
parhau	parhaf
darparu	darparom
cenhedlu	cenhedlan nhw
ymarfer	ymarferoch
gwylio	gwyliodd
casáu	casewch
cyrraedd	cyraeddasai
gweld	gweli di
arfer	arferaist
rhwygo	rhwygais
eistedd	eistedda
condemnio	condemniwch
ysmygu	ysmygon nhw
rhwygo	rhwygasom
lluddias	lluddia
nyddu	nyddasai
agor	agorasoch
disgwyl	disgwyliai
lleihau	lleihont
lladd	lladdo
dweud	dywedaswn
gafael	gafaelodd
llosgi	llosgom
deall	deallasit
colli	cyll
croesi	croesiem
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennoch
colli	collaf
darllen	darllenwch
poeni	poenai fo
amau	amheuid
pwyso	pwysan nhw
ceisio	ceisiwn
gwylio	gwyliaf
diolch	diolchont
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwch
digwydd	digwyddont
canoli	canolith o
lleoli	lleolwch chi
addysgu	addysgid
darparu	darparech chi
cnuchio	cnuchiais i
ymarfer	ymarferent
croesi	croesiwch
sylwi	sylwant
cynnull	cynullwch
nyddu	nyddwn
cilio	ciliasit
dechrau	dechreuais i
digwydd	digwyddith o
marchogaeth	marchogoch
braenu	braenasant
caledu	caleda i
elwa	elwsom
clywed	clywan nhw
galluogi	galluogoch chi
peidio	peidid
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywyd
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennaist
atal	atelir
hedfan	hedfanech
dileu	dilewn i
deall	dealloch chi
smygu	smygwch
gwenu	gwenasit
credu	credech chi
elwa	elwn
terfynu	terfynai fo
ymlacio	ymlaciasent
coelio	coeliasom
plannu	planaswn
agor	agorem
hofran	hofranont
credu	credwch chi
cusanu	cusanwn
poeni	poener
ennill	eniller
dangos	dangoson nhw
pweru	pweren ni
palu	palom
ffili	ffila
canu	cani di
ceisio	ceisiais i
sefyll	safech chi
cynnull	cynulledig
cilio	cilia
dechrau	dechreuoch
tacluso	taclusom
gorffen	gorffennwn ni
cofio	cofia
diolch	diolchith o
gwenu	gwenwch
cynnwys	cynwysedig
croesi	croesiech
rhegi	rheger
edliw	edliwiwyf
cyrraedd	cyrraedd
digwydd	digwyddwch
clywed	clywodd o
ymolchi	ymolchwch chi
syrthio	syrthi di
prynu	prynwyd
dangos	dangosech
dangos	dangosasom
cysylltu	cysylltwch
anghofio	anghofian nhw
hoelio	hoeliwn
teimlo	teimlith o
cusanu	cusanwch chi
addo	addawodd
meddwl	meddyliodd
coginio	coginioch chi
ymolchi	ymolchasoch
talu	talo
rhodio	rhodied
rhuthro	rhuthrwch
medru	medr
croestorri	croestorasom
coginio	coginiech
ymarfer	ymarferodd o
diolch	diolchent
golchi	golchasant
bwrw	bwriasom
prynu	prynasent
rhoi	rhof
prynu	pryner
disgwyl	disgwyliwyd
awgrymu	awgryment
gwlychu	gwlychasech
coginio	coginient
galw	galwoch
rhegi	rhegai
terfynu	terfynais
colli	collais
rhoi	rhoddaist ti
ystyried	ystyriasid
cofio	cofien nhw
aros	arhosych
coginio	coginiwch
galluogi	galluogoch
cadw	cedwir
sylwi	sylwa i
condemnio	condemniodd
croesholi	croesholwch
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyant
cynnull	cynullaf
edliw	edliwiwn
ymweld	ymwelais i
elwa	elwaist
cnuchio	cnuchien ni
rhegi	rhegasom
syrthio	syrthiaist
dysgu	dysgon ni
palu	palai
gorchuddio	gorchuddiant
dilyn	dilynet ti
gofyn	gofynasai
ymuno	ymunasit
cysgu	cysger
cuddio	cuddedig
edliw	edliwiasom
deall	dealledig
uno	una
croesi	croesia
ymddwyn	ymddygasech
coelio	coelia
deall	deallem
cloi	clowch
coginio	coginion nhw
bwrw	bwriech chi
dechrau	dechreuet ti
plannu	planner
gadael	gadawen nhw
rhuthro	rhuthrasom
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwch
aros	arhoser
darparu	darparaswn
galluogi	galluogasant
swyno	swynasant
difetha	difethwn
pwyso	pwysaist ti
bwrw	bwriais i
clywed	clywn
darlunio	darluniwn
niweidio	niweidiwch chi
niweidio	niweidiasem
croeshoelio	croeshoelia
diolch	diolchom
ystyried	ystyriodd o
terfynu	terfyna
plannu	plannwch chi
atal	atalied
stopio	stopiom
hofran	hofranant
caledu	caledwch
gwlychu	gwlychwn
arwain	arweinion nhw
cymryd	cymerwyd
aros	arhoswn i
hudo	hudasem
cloi	clo
disgyn	disgyn
hofran	hofranem
awgrymu	awgryman nhw
arwain	arweiniodd o
gwario	gwarion nhw
palu	palasem
arwain	arweiniwyf
arfer	arferasoch
digwydd	digwydda i
deall	dealli di
credu	creda
ystyried	ystyriwyd
pwyso	pwysi di
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiai fo
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwch
gafael	gafaelwch
cuddio	cuddasid
braenu	braenwch
ysu	ysais
hofran	hofranit
cusanu	cusanai
ymddwyn	ymddygasem
gafael	gafaelasid
llenydda	llenyddwn
methu	methent
dechrau	dechreuodd
codi	codaist ti
teimlo	teimlais i
ystyried	ystyriaist ti
coelio	coelian nhw
awgrymu	awgrymant
annog	anogais i
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddon nhw
taro	trawn
disgwyl	disgwyliodd
llwyddo	llwyddaist ti
llosgi	llosgasant
arfer	arferoch chi
pasio	pasiet ti
hudo	hudech chi
terfynu	terfynon nhw
adolygu	adolygwyd
mwynhau	mwynhaent
sylwebu	sylwebwn
danfon	danfona i
prynu	prynwch
gorchuddio	gorchuddia
lluddias	lluddi
colli	collodd o
siarad	siaradasoch
lladd	lladdont
pwyso	pwysa
adwthio	adwthia i
rhwystro	rhwystrai fo
croestorri	croestorra
canlyn	canlynwn
llosgi	llosgais
cusanu	cusenwch
arfer	arferai
methu	methwch
cyrraedd	cyraeddasit
uno	unasom
ymweld	ymwelwn
ysmygu	ysmygom
methu	methan nhw
marchogaeth	marchoget ti
cadw	cadwn i
teithio	teithiwn
terfynu	terfynaist
cymryd	cymerem
addo	addawen ni
annog	anogasent
poeni	poenant
peidio	peidiwyd
swyno	swynai
gallu	gallwch
prynu	prynaist ti
coelio	coeliech
darlunio	darlunni
coginio	coginioch
coginio	coginier
clymu	clymant
braenu	braeno
claddu	claddech chi
dychwelyd	dychwelaf
amgyffred	amgyffredwn
rhwygo	rhwygasoch
croestorri	croestorrid
siarad	siaradwn i
galluogi	galluogais
cyfarfod	cyfarfûm
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddodd o
ennill	enillwch
treisio	treisiwn
poeni	poener
hudo	hudet ti
gwerthu	gwerthwyd
ysmygu	ysmygir
sefyll	safasent
ymolchi	ymolchent
talu	talodd o
gallu	gallant
torri	torred
niweidio	niweidier
braenu	braenasech
credu	credais i
lluddias	lluddiom
ymolchi	ymolchem
dysgu	dysgaf
disgyn	disgynen nhw
crynu	crynasoch
ymolchi	ymolchasid
dechrau	dechreuaist ti
uno	unych
rhwygo	rhwygith o
amau	amheuer
croesholi	croesholiaist ti
treisio	treisiedig
adolygu	adolygon ni
dileu	dilewch
nyddu	nyddent
hofran	hofranon ni
sylwebu	sylwebent
arwain	arweinid
hoelio	hoeli di
diolch	diolched
dweud	dywedan nhw
agor	agoret ti
arfer	arfered
deall	deallwn i
rhedeg	rhedem
dysgu	dysgech chi
hoelio	hoeliech
croesholi	croesholwn
ymarfer	ymarferodd
agor	agorer
cysylltu	cysylltent
darparu	darparan nhw
disgwyl	disgwylid
siafio	siafiwch chi
iro	irwn i
torri	torret ti
ceisio	ceisi
gwrthod	gwrthoden ni
disgyn	disgyn
disgwyl	disgwylied
dangos	dangos
awgrymu	awgryma
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyom
pydru	pydront
prynu	prynan nhw
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasai
methu	methom
disgwyl	disgwyliech chi
bwyta	bwytaent
gallu	gallwn i
gofyn	gofynnych
bwrw	bwriasid
sylwebu	sylwebodd
rhwygo	rhwygaf
llenydda	llenyddasem
addysgu	addysgasant
aros	arhoset ti
gwerthu	gwerthant
cysgu	cysgech chi
lleihau	lleihent
gwrthod	gwrthodaist
sylwebu	sylwebir
stopio	stopioch chi
taro	trawn
uno	unasid
difetha	difetha
gwenu	gwenoch chi
lleihau	lleihwn
gorchuddio	gorchuddiet ti
ffurfio	ffurfien nhw
dechrau	dechreuwn
gwenu	gweni
gwenu	gwena
hoelio	hoeli
ymolchi	ymolcha
cynnwys	cynwysasid
dweud	dywedwch
annog	anogit
cysylltu	cysyllten nhw
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasant
dweud	dywed
iro	iron ni
cynnwys	cynhwyswch
plannu	planni di
cnuchio	cnuchion nhw
darparu	darparent
rhwygo	rhwygit
sgwrsio	sgwrsiem
penderfynu	penderfynwn i
hudo	hudych
ffurfio	ffurfier
elwa	elwith o
cadw	cadwan nhw
ceisio	ceision ni
niweidio	niweidia i
mwynhau	mwynheuen nhw
rhedeg	rhedwn i
caru	caren ni
annog	anogych
addo	addawer
lluddias	lluddio
codi	codech chi
peidio	peidio
eistedd	eisteddasit
rhodio	rhodiwn
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasai
rhwystro	rhwystrent
colli	collasant
arfer	arfera
loncian	lonciasom
disgyn	disgynit
crynu	cryna i
rhofio	rhofiodd
cynnwys	cynhwysent
disgyn	disgynen ni
amau	amheuwch
cilio	ciliont
cilio	cilioch
ysu	ysedigysadwy
taro	trawech
medru	medrent
golchi	golchasent
eistedd	eisteddasem
cofio	cofia
gwylio	gwyliaswn
llyfu	llyfit
diolch	diolchir
ysu	ysont
dweud	dywedom
dangos	dangoser
ffurfio	ffurfiedig
rhwystro	rhwystrwch
ysmygu	ysmyger
talu	talwn ni
bwyta	bwytaer
galluogi	galluogom
rhwygo	rhwygych
ciledrych	ciledryched
darlunio	darluniasai
poeni	poenasoch
croeshoelio	croeshoeliem
llanw	llanwer
croestorri	croestorred
condemnio	condemni
canu	canasom
gwario	gwarith o
dileu	dileai fo
colli	colled
anafu	anafi di
dweud	dywedith o
bwrw	bwriet ti
ceisio	ceisiant
cymryd	cymera i
addysgu	addysgech chi
stopio	stopiwn
cofio	cofiasai
rhoi	rhoer
awgrymu	awgrymen nhw
casáu	casâ i
ymweld	ymwelwn ni
parhau	parhewch
siarad	siaradwch chi
gweld	gweloch
cadw	cadwaist ti
yfed	yfom
gwlychu	gwlycher
cymryd	cymeren nhw
gorffen	gorffenaswn
cadw	cedwych
teimlo	teimlen nhw
croestorri	croestorrwch
croesholi	croesholwyf
awgrymu	awgrymir
ysmygu	ysmygaswn
claddu	claddaswn
gwenu	gwenu
lleihau	lleihai
rhegi	rhegai fo
plannu	planasant
dileu	dileech chi
codi	codi
ystyried	ystyriwyf
uno	una i
atal	ataliwn
casáu	casaes i
galluogi	galluogi di
ymweld	ymwelaist ti
ymddwyn	ymddygedig
ymweld	ymwelwch
siarad	siaradaf
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdda i
parhau	parha
croestorri	croestorront
teithio	teithien nhw
stopio	stopiasid
gwylio	gwyliodd o
gweld	gwelodd
mynd	aethai
sylwi	sylwa
galw	galwent
diolch	diolcho
hedfan	hedfanaswn
canlyn	canlynaist ti
pydru	pydret ti
rhodio	rhodiwn
deall	deallodd o
rhegi	rhegwn i
colli	collir
galw	galwech chi
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyent
arfer	arferais i
pwyso	pwysasant
medru	medredig
crynu	crynodd
darllen	darllenasent
eistedd	eisteddasech
poeni	poenwn
croesholi	croesholiwn ni
plannu	plenni
cadw	cadwech
arfer	arferasit
cilio	ciliasid
ffili	ffilai
lluddias	lluddiasent
ysmygu	ysmyget ti
danfon	danfonaist
gofyn	gofynnwch
cloi	cloesant
llyfu	llyfir
palu	palech
tybio	tybia
disgyn	disgynwn
yfed	yfen nhw
ysu	yswn
plannu	plannwn i
hudo	hudwch chi
sgwrsio	sgwrsient
penderfynu	penderfynwch chi
penderfynu	penderfyner
smygu	smygir
croeshoelio	croeshoelir
niweidio	niweidiaist ti
parhau	parhaer
ciledrych	ciledrychodd
edliw	edliwiwn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasai
gorffen	gorffennet ti
cusanu	cusanaist ti
croesholi	croesholasid
ffurfio	ffurfiet ti
ymuno	ymunech chi
canu	cenych
canlyn	canlynasech
cenhedlu	cenhedlodd
digwydd	digwyddasid
dilyn	dilynodd o
ffurfio	ffurfith o
cofio	cofiom
canlyn	canlyni di
plannu	plennid
ysu	ysych
aros	arhosodd o
torri	torri
lleoli	lleolai fo
defnyddio	defnyddiasoch
hudo	hudai fo
addysgu	addysgaf
galw	gelwch
penderfynu	penderfyner
loncian	lonciem
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwn
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwch
llwyddo	llwydden nhw
rhofio	rhofien nhw
gorffen	gorffenasent
poeni	poenedig
eistedd	eisteddasom
meddwl	meddylir
hoelio	hoeliaswn
cysgu	cysgych
cynnau	cyneuoch
medru	medrasent
prynu	prynai fo
llosgi	llosgwch chi
cymryd	cymeron ni
lluddias	lluddioch
clywed	clywent
hedfan	hedfanych
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddo
tacluso	taclused
cymryd	cymeraf
aros	arosaswn
ymlacio	ymlaciodd
gwerthu	gwerthai
hofran	hofranwch
addysgu	addysgodd
elwa	elwyd
siafio	siafia
hedfan	hedfanon nhw
digwydd	digwyddwyd
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasom
swyno	swyno
caru	carai fo
tacluso	taclusasech
plannu	plannu
anafu	anafoch chi
deall	deallont
hudo	hudaist ti
gallu	galli di
rhwystro	rhwystra
crynu	crynech
mynd	aethpwyd
dysgu	dysgaswn
cerdded	cerdda
eistedd	eisteddant
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwch
hudo	hudi
ymweld	ymwelid
atal	ataliwyf
cynnwys	cynhwyswn ni
rhuthro	rhuthrer
ciledrych	ciledrychai fo
cynnau	cyneuem
croesi	croesan nhw
disgyn	disgynaist
braenu	braenaf
cymryd	cymeren ni
llosgi	llosgech chi
cloi	cloi
cofio	cofiais
deall	deallith o
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwch
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenaswn
croestorri	croestorrer
torri	torrais
torri	torraf
penderfynu	penderfynith o
rhofio	rhofiwn i
sgwrsio	sgwrsian nhw
lluddias	lluddiai fo
sylwi	sylwn ni
plannu	plennych
gorchuddio	gorchuddia i
cyfarfod	cyfarfuom
galluogi	galluogodd
poeni	poena
dodi	doder
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasid
gallu	gallwn
croestorri	croestorrwn
rhwystro	rhwystrwn ni
cadw	cadwai
syrthio	syrthiodd o
mwynhau	mwynhaom
dodi	dodasoch
mynd	aeth o
nyddu	nyddasid
cenhedlu	cenhedlwyf
codi	codaswn
rhegi	rhegir
cusanu	cusanu
gofyn	gofynnwn
croestorri	croestorrom
cynnig	cynigia
pydru	pydrech
darlunio	darluniech
llenydda	llenydden ni
cadw	cadwent
ymolchi	ymolchasit
diolch	diolchid
ystyried	ystyriasent
tacluso	taclusodd o
sgwrsio	sgwrsiom
palu	palwyd
dileu	dileent
gofyn	gofynnwyf
gwylio	gwylion ni
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasid
gorchuddio	gorchuddiedig
clywed	clywsai
agor	agoraswn
disgwyl	disgwyliasit
siarad	siaradwch
cerdded	cerddwyf
rhedeg	rheda i
gadael	gadawan nhw
ystyried	ystyriont
siafio	siafien ni
digwydd	digwyddasech
gwlychu	gwlychem
mwynhau	mwynhaech
siafio	siafion ni
cynnau	cyneuasoch
syrthio	syrthiet ti
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennent
loncian	loncier
sgwrsio	sgwrsio
ymlacio	ymlacid
cysgu	cysged
prynu	pryni
gwenu	gwenwyd
siafio	siafiais i
caledu	caledoch chi
sylwebu	sylwebaswn
pydru	pydrodd
cymryd	cymerwn
ennill	enillont
parhau	parhawyd
sefyll	safodd
gadael	gadewid
torri	torasech
adolygu	adolygwn
anafu	anafai fo
plannu	plannais i
meddwl	meddylied
treisio	treisiaf
elwa	elwa
adolygu	adolyger
ciledrych	ciledrych
pwyso	pwysasem
iro	irasent
ystyried	ystyriasom
arwain	arweiniech
mwynhau	mwynhaf
meddwl	meddyliai
prynu	prynir
peidio	peidiodd
cysylltu	cysylltoch chi
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiom
meddwl	meddyliasant
dathlu	dathlai fo
cysylltu	cysylltant
adwthio	adwthith o
bwyta	bwytith o
cadw	cadwech chi
sylwebu	sylwebasent
ymweld	ymwelodd
coelio	coeliwch
sylwi	sylwoch chi
sylwebu	sylweb
cerdded	cerdda
dodi	dodwn
syrthio	syrthioch
ysmygu	ysmyged
llosgi	llosger
dechrau	dechreuant
llenydda	llenyddoch chi
dysgu	dysger
croesi	croesiais
ymlacio	ymlaciech chi
amau	amheuwch
tybio	tybiem
anghofio	anghofiwch
colli	colla
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyaist
peidio	peidien nhw
adolygu	adolygasant
awgrymu	awgrymai
atal	atalodd o
teithio	teithiwch
arfer	arferodd
nyddu	nyddoch
yfed	yfan nhw
talu	telwch
llwyddo	llwyddwch chi
amgyffred	amgyffreda i
clymu	clyma
adolygu	adolygwch
defnyddio	defnyddiasid
ymuno	ymunem
lladd	lladdaf
sylwebu	sylwebaist ti
cynnull	cynullwn
terfynu	terfynaswn
dweud	dywedoch chi
coginio	coginiwn ni
gadael	gadawen ni
dathlu	dathlen ni
ymddwyn	ymddygodd
ymuno	ymunoch chi
arwain	arweiniet ti
rhofio	rhofioch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolaf
cadw	cadwodd
defnyddio	defnyddiem
siarad	siaredwch
rhwygo	rhwygan nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedlent
iro	irir
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddit
gadael	gadawsit
ymarfer	ymarferer
croesi	croesioch
hofran	hofranan nhw
gwrthod	gwrthodant
awgrymu	awgrymech chi
lleoli	lleoled
methu	methon nhw
colli	colli di
croestorri	croestorron nhw
llenydda	llenyddasoch
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwn i
ffurfio	ffurfiai
dysgu	dysgaist ti
teimlo	teimlet ti
dechrau	dechreuai fo
cofio	cofiwch
dychwelyd	dychweli di
swyno	swynant
codi	codan nhw
prynu	prynasai
cynnig	cynigier
rhegi	rhegem
lluddias	lluddiech chi
ysmygu	ysmyga i
mynd	eid
rhegi	rhegent
arfer	arferont
adolygu	adolygasai
darlunio	darluniaist ti
mwynhau	mwynheuoch chi
siafio	siafier
braenu	braenodd
ysu	ysodd o
cyfarfod	cyfarfuont
anfon	anfonwn
annog	anogen ni
gwenu	gwena
difetha	difethwn
atal	atal
swyno	swynwch
disgwyl	disgwyliwch chi
terfynu	terfynasech
swyno	swynodd
llosgi	llosgasai
cilio	cilid
difetha	difethwn
bwyta	bwyten nhw
cilio	cilio
ymlacio	ymlaciwn i
prynu	pryna
lleihau	lleihech
canlyn	canlyna
gorffen	gorffennoch chi
parhau	parhasid
dangos	dangosi di
ysmygu	ysmygasai
elwa	elwych
stopio	stopiais i
hedfan	hedfan
canlyn	canlyn
gwylio	gwylier
disgwyl	disgwylir
caru	carodd
rhodio	rhodier
gorffen	gorffenasech
peidio	peidiasech
ymolchi	ymolchedig
tybio	tybiasom
methu	methasoch
dodi	dodwch
sefyll	safer
llwyddo	llwyddodd o
cyfieithu	cyfieithon ni
cenhedlu	cenhedlwn ni
cloi	cloen ni
niweidio	niweidiodd o
peidio	peidiwch
dilyn	dilynasom
gadael	gadawer
canlyn	canlynasoch
ymolchi	ymolchaist ti
cofio	cofio
niweidio	niweidiwch
darlunio	darluniaf
niweidio	niweidient
gafael	gafaelwn i
clywed	clywo
teimlo	teimla
aros	arhoswyd
ystyried	ystyrient
anghofio	anghofiasant
disgwyl	disgwylia
cymryd	cymerom
terfynu	terfynwyf
gwario	gwariodd o
dechrau	dechreuont
rhuthro	rhuthrasech
rhoi	rhoist
ennill	enilled
difetha	difethasoch
lluddias	lluddit
elwa	elwed
pwyso	pwyswn
treisio	treisiai
diolch	diolchwyf
peidio	peidient
cyfieithu	cyfieithoch chi
nyddu	nyddech
dilyn	dilyn
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddaf
cadw	cadwen nhw
gweld	gweledig
pwyso	pwysasit
cymryd	cymeri
meddwl	meddylia
anfon	anfonodd o
taro	trawsent
rhwygo	rhwygwn
gwerthu	gwerthwch
darparu	darparodd
elwa	elwsant
ysmygu	ysmygith o
gwerthu	gwerthais i
gorffen	gorffennen nhw
palu	palwyf
niweidio	niweidiedig
casáu	casai di
hofran	hofranwyf
disgwyl	disgwylian nhw
dodi	dodwch
gwylio	gwyliwch chi
bwrw	bwriwyf
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwyd
gallu	galler
cuddio	cuddasem
sylwebu	sylwebu
croestorri	croestorra i
defnyddio	defnyddiech
gafael	gafaeler
lleoli	lleoli di
cerdded	cerddid
bwyta	bwyton nhw
dangos	dangosith o
casáu	casâi
marchogaeth	marchogwn
mynd	awn
cuddio	cuddodd o
niweidio	niweidiom
eistedd	eistedden nhw
addo	addawan nhw
darlunio	darluniet ti
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasent
adwthio	adwthiwn i
swyno	swyned
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwch
defnyddio	defnyddiasent
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwyd
loncian	loncion nhw
hoelio	hoeliasit
smygu	smygasai
treisio	treisiodd
meddwl	meddyliom
amgyffred	amgyffredasem
mwynhau	mwynheui di
mynd	aethem
teimlo	teimlo
gwerthu	gwerthaf
ystyried	ystyrioch chi
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwyf
dangos	dangosent
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyi
bwyta	bwytasai
cyfnewid	cyfnewidien nhw
ciledrych	ciledrychasech
claddu	claddit
pwyso	pwyser
syrthio	syrthiaswn
rhoi	rhoesant
codi	codet ti
caru	caraf
cnuchio	cnuchia
cusanu	cusanasai
amau	ameuedig
braenu	braenir
prynu	pryn
mwynhau	mwynheir
cenhedlu	cenhedlon nhw
dodi	dodaist
adolygu	adolygwch
yfed	yfasoch
penderfynu	penderfynwch
teithio	teithiasem
sefyll	safant
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddet ti
arfer	arferi
braenu	braenaist
adolygu	adolygi di
clymu	clymodd
llyfu	llyfaswn
taro	trewid
siarad	siaradasant
rhedeg	rhedwyf
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddi
glawio	glawiwn ni
codi	cododd
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyech chi
cynnwys	cynhwysych
braenu	braena
dweud	dywedent
sylwebu	sylweboch chi
tacluso	tacluso
colli	collwyd
canlyn	canlyn
caledu	caledon ni
smygu	smygwch
rhodio	rhodiwch
sefyll	safoch
ymolchi	ymolchom
hedfan	hedfaner
cyfarfod	cyfarfuasem
galw	galwn
sefyll	safi di
smygu	smygodd o
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiodd o
uno	unir
gallu	gallasom
digwydd	digwydded
cenhedlu	cenhedlwn i
elwa	elwa
annog	anogo
cyfnewid	cyfnewidient
rhwystro	rhwystri di
anghofio	anghofia
pydru	pydro
bwrw	bwria
hoelio	hoelio
lluddias	lluddiais
smygu	smygais i
stopio	stopier
atal	ateliwch
colli	collai fo
rhoi	rhown
cuddio	cuddid
edliw	edliwier
cusanu	cusaned
pasio	pasiais i
siafio	siafia
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwyf
peidio	peidiai
rhwystro	rhwystrasoch
swyno	swynais
cynnull	cynullwn i
anghofio	anghofiai
ciledrych	ciledrychwn
sgwrsio	sgwrsiedig
marchogaeth	marchogech
golchi	golchom
cerdded	cerddech
gwerthu	gwerthed
defnyddio	defnyddith o
ymolchi	ymolch
dilyn	dilynasant
dilyn	dilynoch chi
stopio	stopi di
penderfynu	penderfyn
darllen	darllener
arwain	arweinier
cloi	clowch
lleoli	lleolwn
cyfnewid	cyfnewidion nhw
digwydd	digwyddaist ti
swyno	swyner
pweru	pwerwch
tacluso	taclusasit
marchogaeth	marchogasent
ysmygu	ysmyga
cynnau	cyneuont
colli	collasom
ymlacio	ymlacir
sylwebu	sylwebasit
braenu	braenai fo
dodi	dodoch
cenhedlu	cenhedloch chi
cynnwys	cynwysasem
canu	canent
colli	collan nhw
gwlychu	gwlychith o
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolit
hofran	hofraner
peidio	peidiom
arfer	arferon ni
rhoi	rho
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolid
cymryd	cymer
anghofio	anghofiem
gweld	gwelet ti
crynu	crynom
gorffen	gorffennaist
awgrymu	awgrymwch
coginio	cogini
ffurfio	ffurfiai fo
niweidio	niweidien nhw
swyno	swynen ni
ceisio	ceisiwn
addysgu	addysgwyd
dilyn	dilyn
codi	codai fo
prynu	prynit
clywed	clywont
torri	torrwch
talu	talan nhw
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiech chi
gorffen	gorffennont
dysgu	dysgu
addysgu	addysgasent
gallu	gallo
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddai
canu	canit
clymu	clymoch
siafio	siafiasit
danfon	danfoni
cloi	cloesem
ennill	enillan nhw
gafael	gafaelen nhw
dechrau	dechreuasom
rhofio	rhofiasom
condemnio	condemniant
agor	agorasant
difetha	difethwch
ymddwyn	ymddygith o
cynnig	cynigi di
coelio	coelir
gorchuddio	gorchuddiech
gweld	gwelant
rhegi	rhegodd
gwenu	gwenith o
gweld	gweloch chi
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenedig
clywed	clywais i
marchogaeth	marchogem
gwlychu	gwlychaist ti
ystyried	ystyrian nhw
nyddu	nydded
aros	arhosech
anghofio	anghofiais i
gwrthod	gwrthodych
cymryd	cymerai fo
loncian	lonciaist ti
crynu	crynais i
cyfarfod	cyfarfod
ffili	ffilom
anfon	anfonwn
gweld	gwelych
smygu	smygwn
agor	agorasom
braenu	braenwch
adolygu	adolygoch chi
dychwelyd	dychwelon nhw
syrthio	syrthiech
gwlychu	gwlychwch
gwario	gwariwch chi
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwch
teithio	teithi di
clywed	clywn
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennech
swyno	swynaswn
gwenu	gwenaist
teimlo	teimlwn
teithio	teithiwch
cynnig	cynigiwch
gafael	gafaeloch
llenydda	llenydd
amnewid	amnewidwn ni
darlunio	darlunier
tacluso	tacluswch
gorffen	gorffennom
canoli	canolech chi
canlyn	canlynid
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennais
cynnig	cynigion nhw
gafael	gafaelid
lluddias	lluddiaf
dangos	dangosasem
disgyn	disgyner
loncian	loncia
gwario	gwariais i
gwylio	gwyliais
rhwystro	rhwystrem
dechrau	dechreuaf
gofyn	gofynnodd
peidio	peidiai fo
gallu	gallech chi
ceisio	ceisiaf
amgyffred	amgyffredo
ffurfio	ffurfiaf
mynd	est ti
anghofio	anghofiai fo
rhegi	rhegych
medru	medrasid
ysmygu	ysmygem
cyfarfod	cyfarfydder
ffili	ffilech chi
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiet ti
bwyta	bwytasom
ymweld	ymwelwyf
croesholi	croesholion nhw
gafael	gafaelwyd
sylwebu	sylwebo
defnyddio	defnyddion nhw
digwydd	digwyddwyf
dechrau	dechreui
cenhedlu	cenhedlaswn
rhodio	rhodiwn
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwch
amau	amheuan nhw
hofran	hofranasent
addysgu	addysgais
llenydda	llenyddais i
poeni	poenoch
clymu	clymer
cilio	ciliwch
rhwygo	rhwyga i
torri	torrodd
dweud	dyweded
palu	paledigpaladwy
hedfan	hedfanwch
canlyn	canlynen nhw
marchogaeth	marchogit
penderfynu	penderfyna
cynnwys	cynhwyswch
stopio	stopier
caru	carasent
cloi	cloesit
cwyno	cwynedig
ysu	ysoch
hoelio	hoeliasent
awgrymu	awgrymwn i
llenydda	llenydder
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasit
ymuno	ymunid
bwyta	bwyten ni
adolygu	adolyger
peidio	peidiwch chi
diolch	diolchi di
plannu	plannont
dangos	dangosed
codi	codi di
deall	deallant
croeshoelio	croeshoeliaswn
cynnau	cyneuwn ni
ceisio	ceisiaist
llenydda	llenyddych
dechrau	dechreuasoch
caru	carem
danfon	danfonon ni
gwerthu	gwerthu
digwydd	digwydd
peidio	peidien ni
clymu	clymir
rhedeg	rhedaist ti
caru	cerais
dychwelyd	dychwelen ni
llosgi	llosget ti
dysgu	dysgwn i
gwenu	gwenoch
smygu	smygasech
hoelio	hoeliai fo
stopio	stopiasom
tybio	tybit
ysmygu	ysmygodd o
addysgu	addysgu
uno	unai fo
ystyried	ystyriasant
gweld	gwelsid
casáu	casawn i
rhoi	rhown
caledu	caledais i
uno	unwch
rhuthro	rhuthred
ymuno	ymunais i
dweud	dywedwn
ymuno	ymuni di
eistedd	eistedda i
pwyso	pwysir
gwerthu	gwerthon ni
cilio	ciliasai
rhuthro	rhuthrasent
dileu	dileasem
gwlychu	gwlychwch chi
meddwl	meddyliwn
dysgu	dysgwn
casáu	casâ
elwa	elwedigelwadwy
hudo	hudwyd
medru	medren nhw
teithio	teithiasai
torri	torran nhw
hedfan	hedfanaist ti
tybio	tybiom
clywed	clywswn
niweidio	niweidiasech
ennill	enillech
meddwl	meddyliwn
cysgu	cysgwn ni
iro	iraist ti
ymarfer	ymarfer
defnyddio	defnyddedig
croeshoelio	croeshoelith o
ymddwyn	ymddygasit
bwyta	bwytan nhw
tybio	tybiwyf
codi	codasoch
siafio	siafier
dilyn	dilynaist ti
darparu	darparych
dweud	dywedont
gwario	gwarien ni
niweidio	niweidiwch
rhedeg	rhedwch chi
ymarfer	ymarferasit
darparu	darparasoch
condemnio	condemnio
darparu	darparith o
uno	uned
methu	mether
digwydd	digwyddai
coelio	coeliaist ti
loncian	lonciasai
canu	canom
darllen	darllenent
croestorri	croestorrant
cysgu	cysgi di
cusanu	cusanai fo
llanw	llanwasent
ffili	ffilan nhw
gwerthu	gwerthoch
gofyn	gofynnir
sylwi	sylwsech
mynd	es i
gofyn	gofynnech
agor	agori di
casáu	casasom
plannu	plannon nhw
cwyno	cwynasech
rhuthro	rhuthraist ti
treisio	treisient
bwrw	bwrien ni
pwyso	pwysech chi
torri	torrwyd
digwydd	digwyddir
medru	medrasoch
cyfrwyo	cyfrwya
nyddu	nydden nhw
cynnull	cynnull
braenu	braenwyf
treisio	treisia
ciledrych	ciledrychent
ciledrych	ciledrychasai
yfed	yfem
coelio	coeli di
difetha	difethet ti
llosgi	llosgodd o
ymddwyn	ymddwg
gorffen	gorffennodd o
amgyffred	amgyffredont
croesi	croeswn ni
sgwrsio	sgwrsi di
danfon	danfonasech
arwain	arweiniasech
glawio	glawioch chi
poeni	poenasent
gorchuddio	gorchuddi
addysgu	addysgwn i
dysgu	dysgon nhw
anfon	anfonid
croesholi	croesholia i
darparu	darpari
lleoli	lleola i
canu	cano
dychwelyd	dychwelwn
gorchuddio	gorchuddier
adolygu	adolygai
cynnwys	cynhwyswch chi
ceisio	ceisid
torri	torrwn
crynu	crynai
iro	iren ni
clymu	clymon ni
penderfynu	penderfynodd
achosi	achosa
talu	taledigtaladwy
cadw	cadwaf
diolch	diolchit
gwenu	gwenaswn
siafio	siafien nhw
ystyried	ystyriasoch
rhuthro	rhuthrir
croestorri	croestorrwn i
lleoli	lleolwch
ysmygu	ysmygant
croestorri	croestorrent
palu	palwch
cymryd	cymerech chi
lleoli	lleolid
loncian	lonciasit
marchogaeth	marchogo
gallu	gallasit
stopio	stopiaist
sylwi	sylwodd
coelio	coeliasid
claddu	cladded
cynnau	cyneuasid
plannu	plannwyd
aros	arhosech chi
condemnio	condemnia i
ymolchi	ymolchwyf
edliw	edliwiont
croesi	croesiaist
torri	torrent
cadw	cadwon nhw
cyrraedd	cyrraedd
braenu	braenai
gadael	gadawyf
sgwrsio	sgwrsiodd
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwyd
dodi	dodech chi
lluddias	lluddiais i
defnyddio	defnyddiodd
cofio	cofiwyf
parhau	parhait
dychwelyd	dychwelent
aros	arhosaf
amau	amheuwyd
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiodd
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddai fo
rhoi	rhodden ni
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddant
gafael	gafaelasant
marchogaeth	marchogasom
hudo	hudoch
ysu	yswn
terfynu	terfynasid
pydru	pydru
ymuno	ymunwyf
coelio	coelien ni
agor	agorasit
ystyried	ystyrien nhw
mynd	aech chi
gallu	gellaist
adolygu	adolygasoch
nyddu	nyddodd
amau	amheuodd o
anghofio	anghofiaswn
coelio	coeliai
sylwebu	sylweboch
stopio	stopia
llenydda	llenyddwyd
clymu	clymaist
lluddias	lluddiwch
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdded
danfon	danfonaswn
sgwrsio	sgwrsiais
hoelio	hoeliwyf
cynnau	cynnau
croeshoelio	croeshoeliech
cofio	cofiwch
gwrthod	gwrthoder
golchi	golchedig
digwydd	digwyddent
rhedeg	rhedom
croesi	croesio
ciledrych	ciledrycha
colli	collasai
taro	trawont
ymlacio	ymlaciwn
gwylio	gwyliasech
coginio	coginiwyf
gofyn	gofynnit
medru	medrwn ni
stopio	stopied
sefyll	safasem
bwrw	bwriwch
golchi	golchwn ni
ysu	ysen ni
swyno	swynwn
braenu	braened
cymryd	cymerer
deall	deallaswn
croeshoelio	croeshoeliaf
ymolchi	ymolchech
disgwyl	disgwyliasid
ceisio	ceisiwch
rhegi	rhegais i
aros	aros
palu	palodd
ymddwyn	ymddygon nhw
arfer	arferem
darllen	darllenan nhw
poeni	poenaist ti
casáu	casawn ni
siafio	siafia i
coelio	coelion nhw
swyno	swyn
credu	creden ni
cenhedlu	cenhedlai
ymarfer	ymarferaist ti
sylwebu	sylwebwyf
gwerthu	gwerthych
casáu	caseais
rhwystro	rhwystrai
bwyta	bwytwch
hoelio	hoelioch
sefyll	safon nhw
yfed	yfent
dileu	dilewyd
prynu	prynwn i
gwenu	gwenais i
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwch
llanw	llenwaist
amau	amheuais
ystyried	ystyriwn
tacluso	taclusid
danfon	danfonent
ystyried	ystyrient
annog	anogant
cynnig	cynigien ni
darllen	darllenoch chi
ysmygu	ysmygon ni
cymryd	cymerwch
dodi	dodwn
gofyn	gofyn
llosgi	llosgais i
cwyno	cwynid
crynu	crynaf
swyno	swyner
rhegi	rhegoch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolech
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolych
colli	collwn
disgyn	disgynedig
gweld	gwelid
yfed	yfech
mwynhau	mwynhasent
cynnwys	cynhwysech
rhegi	rhegech chi
galluogi	galluogent
sylwebu	sylwebwch
condemnio	condemniasoch
mynd	aed
llenydda	llenyddwch
tybio	tybiasant
crynu	crynasech
anfon	anfonedig
cloi	cloesai
ysmygu	ysmygit
dweud	dywedwn
lleoli	lleolasit
gofyn	gofynnent
elwa	elwen nhw
condemnio	condemniech chi
ymlacio	ymlaciwch chi
peidio	peidia i
gwylio	gwyliai
ciledrych	ciledrychasem
sefyll	safen ni
darparu	darparwch
hoelio	hoeliedig
claddu	claddoch
ceisio	ceisir
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasant
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddon nhw
galluogi	galluogai
ffurfio	ffurfien ni
rhoi	rhoech
cyfarfod	cyfarfydded
rhwystro	rhwystrer
ymweld	ymweloch chi
cysylltu	cysylltasit
rhofio	rhofiais i
cynnau	cyneuon ni
sylwebu	sylwebasid
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddi
amgyffred	amgyffreder
cysylltu	cysylltwn
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddych
cymryd	cymerasent
ystyried	ystyriwn ni
tacluso	tacluser
bwrw	bwriom
hedfan	hedfanwch
coginio	coginiwch
peidio	peidiasom
lleoli	lleoli
ceisio	ceisiasom
lladd	lladdasoch
lleoli	lleolech
coginio	coginiasit
sylwi	sylwedig
gwrthod	gwrthodech
bwyta	bwytasit
taro	trawed
rhwystro	rhwystrir
gwerthu	gwerthwch
annog	annog
glawio	glawiais i
cyfieithu	cyfieithaist ti
hudo	huded
treisio	treisiem
cysylltu	cysylltwn ni
crynu	crynai fo
colli	collwch
dweud	dywedaist ti
cilio	ciliwn ni
hofran	hofranasom
rhedeg	rhedasit
colli	collen ni
parhau	parhaom
cilio	ciliai fo
ysmygu	ysmygwyd
plannu	plannem
anghofio	anghofiwch
palu	palwn
caru	carech chi
cymryd	cymerasech
peidio	peidio
sefyll	safasid
llanw	llanwasant
adolygu	adolygych
mynd	awn ni
glawio	glawien ni
annog	annog
sgwrsio	sgwrsiet ti
croestorri	croestorrech chi
achosi	achoset ti
sgwrsio	sgwrsiai
cloi	cloon ni
credu	credai fo
uno	unwn
dangos	dangoswch
rhofio	rhofiaf
cynnig	cynigiwyf
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasai
gwylio	gwyli
lladd	lladdasai
ffili	ffilais
cynnau	cyneuent
dodi	dodais i
siafio	siafiant
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdden nhw
cilio	ciliai
cadw	cedwch
sefyll	safo
llenydda	llenyddem
darlunio	darluniant
marchogaeth	marchogon nhw
digwydd	digwyddent
awgrymu	awgrymwn
clymu	clymi di
lluddias	lluddiasem
rhoi	rhoddi di
gorchuddio	gorchuddien ni
loncian	lonciasant
cuddio	cuddont
ceisio	ceisiwn ni
gwlychu	gwlychaist
danfon	danfonodd o
bwyta	bwyteid
cynnull	cynulla i
braenu	braenit
hoelio	hoelit
codi	codwch
caru	cara
adwthio	adwthian nhw
adolygu	adolygech
dweud	dywedid
arwain	arweinioch chi
lladd	lladdwyf
gofyn	gofynasoch
teimlo	teimlech chi
cofio	cofi di
dysgu	dysgi di
disgyn	disgynwch
golchi	golchant
cynnull	cynullais
dychwelyd	dychwelwn ni
talu	taled
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwch
canu	canaist ti
hedfan	hedfan
tybio	tybiasoch
croesi	croesen ni
rhwygo	rhwygid
marchogaeth	marchogaf
deall	deallasant
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoli
lleihau	lleiha
anfon	anfoner
mwynhau	mwynheid
gwylio	gwyliont
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolent
claddu	claddont
mwynhau	mwynheua
llosgi	llosgasent
golchi	golchem
dysgu	dysgid
stopio	stopiont
cilio	ciliaf
cymryd	cymerais
cloi	cloech chi
niweidio	niweidiasai
darparu	darparai fo
methu	methaswn
addo	addawon nhw
rhwystro	rhwystroch
disgwyl	disgwyliasem
canlyn	canlynon ni
canoli	canolet ti
loncian	lonciai
cilio	ciliant
gwylio	gwylien nhw
teithio	teithiedig
agor	agorai
cloi	cloist
gorffen	gorffennan nhw
siarad	siaradant
croesholi	croesholir
swyno	swynwn
meddwl	meddyliasit
cilio	ciliwn
taro	trawsoch
ymlacio	ymlaciwch
ymweld	ymweledig
marchogaeth	marchogid
canu	canasoch
mynd	eloch
lladd	lladdasit
cofio	cofiwn i
syrthio	syrthia i
ciledrych	ciledrychont
ennill	enillwn
dileu	dileoch chi
poeni	poened
dechrau	dechreuir
elwa	elwn
gallu	gallai fo
dathlu	dathlon nhw
gadael	gadewais
parhau	parhewch
tacluso	tacluswyd
atal	atalwch chi
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwn
medru	medroch
anghofio	anghofien nhw
niweidio	niweidid
cuddio	cuddasent
teithio	teithiwn ni
canlyn	canlyn
gwenu	gwenai fo
cyfrwyo	cyfrwya
hofran	hofranech
rhodio	rhodiwyf
treisio	treisid
difetha	difethwn ni
llanw	llanwem
gorffen	gorffennent
llosgi	llosgasit
darparu	darparwch
dweud	dywedasoch
dileu	dileen ni
rhodio	rhodiaf
disgyn	disgyni di
cerdded	cerddwn
ymuno	ymunais
rhuthro	rhuthri
amgyffred	amgyffredem
cyfieithu	cyfieithen nhw
croestorri	croestorrais
croestorri	croestoraswn
lladd	lladdasom
dychwelyd	dychwelith o
methu	methwyf
cilio	cilian nhw
addo	addawai
llyfu	llyfent
syrthio	syrthiai
croestorri	croestorrai
clymu	clyma i
rhofio	rhofien ni
sylwebu	sylwebasai
lluddias	lluddiwn i
pydru	pydrent
croesholi	croeshola
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwyf
darlunio	darlunnir
dodi	dodasech
treisio	treisio
loncian	loncia
sylwi	sylwn i
teimlo	teimlaswn
hedfan	hedfanith o
nyddu	nyddo
clymu	clymen ni
arwain	arweiniwch
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddon ni
marchogaeth	marchogodd
cyrraedd	cyraeddaswn
clywed	clywyd
croesholi	croesholit
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolodd
medru	medraf
dychwelyd	dychwelwch
cloi	clodd
golchi	golchwch
gwlychu	gwlych
lladd	lladdwn
anfon	anfonwch
sylwi	sylwsom
coelio	coeliwyf
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddem
ffili	ffilaist
nyddu	nyddont
pweru	pweroch chi
edliw	edliwioch
canlyn	canlynan nhw
llanw	llanwasem
ymlacio	ymlaciedig
sefyll	safwn ni
dechrau	dechreuwn
hedfan	hedfanodd o
mynd	aent
caru	carit
dilyn	dilyner
ymddwyn	ymddygych
coelio	coeliwn ni
prynu	prynasem
mynd	mynededig
rhoi	rhoesit
cloi	cloesent
gwylio	gwyliasoch
galw	galwan nhw
bwrw	bwriech
cilio	ciliaist ti
poeni	poenit
canlyn	canlyna i
teithio	teithier
canoli	canolais i
cynnau	cyneuwn
addysgu	addysgedig
ysmygu	ysmygi
annog	anogodd
rhofio	rhofian nhw
codi	codir
gafael	gafaelych
adolygu	adolygasent
gwrthod	gwrthodai fo
sefyll	safaf
torri	torasent
teithio	teithiai fo
terfynu	terfynech chi
codi	codo
addysgu	addysgasem
llwyddo	llwydda i
plannu	planner
digwydd	digwyddwn i
cwyno	cwynech
gwenu	gwenasid
hoelio	hoeliasech
cysgu	cysgwyf
amau	amheuech
yfed	yfasech
stopio	stopiasoch
dodi	dodi
deall	dealla
darllen	darllenit
darllen	darllenaist
hoelio	hoelia
siafio	siafiaist
croesholi	croesholion ni
ffili	ffilaswn
ymarfer	ymarferais
croesholi	croesholian nhw
pweru	pwerwch chi
mynd	aethon ni
edliw	edliwient
llyfu	llyfem
cynnwys	cynhwyswn
torri	torrai fo
pweru	pweret ti
disgwyl	disgwyliwch
coginio	cogini di
lleoli	lleolir
bwyta	bwyteaist
cyrraedd	cyrhaedden nhw
cynnull	cynullwn
nyddu	nyddodd o
canu	canodd o
codi	codon ni
sefyll	saif
ceisio	ceisiom
lluddias	lluddir
ffurfio	ffurfia i
syrthio	syrthiaf
canlyn	canlynent
elwa	elwet ti
cynnau	cyneuasent
coelio	coelioch
agor	agorai fo
galluogi	galluogasai
elwa	elwan nhw
siafio	siafiasai
niweidio	niweidier
gwrthod	gwrthodais i
rhedeg	rhedych
canlyn	canlynwch
edliw	edliwiwyd
cysylltu	cysylltasem
gallu	gall
cynnau	cyneuais i
ennill	enillwch
teimlo	teimlant
coginio	coginian nhw
sylwebu	sylwebaf
croestorri	croestorrer
cymryd	cymerasit
galw	gelwir
lleoli	lleolwn
cofio	cofiant
golchi	golched
rhoi	rhoit
ffurfio	ffurfiom
ciledrych	ciledrychoch chi
yfed	yfit
swyno	swynasoch
croesi	croesid
gwlychu	gwlychasid
cynnau	cyneuwn
teithio	teithiwyf
hofran	hofranai fo
hedfan	hedfano
talu	teli
rhedeg	rhedoch chi
cynnull	cynullent
nyddu	nyddasech
aros	arhosen ni
taro	trawant
darllen	darllenech chi
danfon	danfonwch
smygu	smygwn
llosgi	llysg
poeni	poenwch
ffurfio	ffurfiasech
anfon	anfona
cysgu	cysgasit
canu	canwn i
rhegi	rhegasem
sylwi	sylwsid
darllen	darllenwch chi
agor	agorasent
cuddio	cudder
glawio	glawia
cynnig	cynigir
anghofio	anghofiech
croesholi	croesholaf
ciledrych	ciledrychon nhw
hedfan	hedfaned
canlyn	canlyned
rhodio	rhodient
gorchuddio	gorchuddiai fo
uno	una
teimlo	teimlasech
cynnwys	cynwysasoch
gwenu	gwenodd o
syrthio	syrthiwch
cloi	cloa i
methu	methith o
cynnau	cyneuech
coelio	coeliem
terfynu	terfynwn i
teithio	teithiem
prynu	prynwn
swyno	swynan nhw
canlyn	canlynais i
yfed	yfi
dileu	dileet ti
palu	palon nhw
dysgu	dysgedig
ymuno	ymunasai
meddwl	meddylien nhw
treisio	treisiaswn
pwyso	pwyso
dychwelyd	dychwelasid
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwch chi
gwylio	gwylid
hudo	hudir
teimlo	teimlwn
cerdded	cerdder
treisio	treisia i
llenydda	llenyddwch chi
deall	deall
tacluso	tacluswch
gafael	gafaelwn
talu	talom
hudo	hudech
smygu	smygem
achosi	achoson ni
gwylio	gwyliwn
amgyffred	amgyffredaswn
canu	canant
sgwrsio	sgwrsia
hedfan	hedfanech chi
ceisio	ceisiwn
terfynu	terfyni
gallu	gallaist ti
ysmygu	ysmygech chi
cofio	cofiasant
rhuthro	rhuthradwy
medru	medret ti
anfon	anfonant
plannu	plannodd o
coelio	coeliwn
colli	coller
talu	telwch
cilio	cilien ni
ciledrych	ciledrychwch
clymu	clymaf
achosi	achosith o
gofyn	gofynasit
cadw	cadwai fo
iro	iro
rhwystro	rhwystret ti
cenhedlu	cenhedlir
sylwebu	sylwebasoch
cuddio	cuddan nhw
canlyn	canlynai fo
cuddio	cuddem
agor	agorasem
galw	galw
llwyddo	llwyddith o
adolygu	adolygwn ni
crynu	crynych
diolch	diolchasom
gallu	gallaf
llosgi	llosgaf
medru	medri
sefyll	safir
anghofio	anghofiasom
ennill	enillasit
atal	etyl
dweud	dywedasent
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennodd
eistedd	eisteddasid
caru	ceraist
ymweld	ymwelem
coelio	coeliais
hudo	hudid
cysgu	cysgaist
talu	telych
coelio	coeliwch
ciledrych	ciledrychwch chi
ymarfer	ymarferedig
clymu	clymasid
sefyll	safaist ti
eistedd	eistedder
rhoi	rhoid
darllen	darllenen ni
marchogaeth	marchogych
plannu	plannech
arfer	arferych
rhegi	rhegan nhw
canoli	canola
yfed	yfasem
gwrthod	gwrthodwn
croesi	croesiasid
addo	addawith o
palu	palir
crynu	crynasid
iro	irych
teimlo	teimlwyf
credu	credi di
ysu	ysid
penderfynu	penderfynwch
sylwi	sylwech chi
lleihau	lleihau
ysu	ysem
ymddwyn	ymddygwch
darlunio	darlunien nhw
uno	unem
llenydda	llenyddwn
gallu	gall o
yfed	yfer
loncian	lonciasech
amnewid	amnewidoch chi
syrthio	syrthith o
rhofio	rhofio
cysgu	cysgith o
eistedd	eistedder
glawio	glawiet ti
torri	torrit
cynnull	cynullasom
disgyn	disgynent
cynnwys	cynwysasom
rhwygo	rhwygasid
dychwelyd	dychweledig
hudo	hudant
awgrymu	awgrymedig
taro	trawedig
croeshoelio	croeshoelian nhw
rhofio	rhofiwn
codi	codasent
cysgu	cysgom
claddu	claddu
gorchuddio	gorchuddiaswn
arwain	arwain
dileu	dileon nhw
poeni	poenir
sylwi	sylwsai
teimlo	teimlaist
pwyso	pwysom
ymolchi	ymolchasai
poeni	poenodd o
amnewid	amnewidan nhw
diolch	diolchasent
mwynhau	mwynhawyd
hofran	hofraner
talu	talais i
gwrthod	gwrthyd
cynnau	cyneuasit
danfon	danfonont
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwn
cysylltu	cysylltwch
coginio	coginiwch chi
cilio	ciliwch
dysgu	dysgen ni
amnewid	amnewiden nhw
eistedd	eisteddit
iro	ira
ysu	ysais i
disgyn	disgynasent
darlunio	darluniais i
deall	deallwn
tybio	tybiedig
crynu	crynant
gorffen	gorffennit
lladd	lladdedig
addo	addewech
dileu	dileais
glawio	glawien nhw
aros	arhosoch chi
clymu	clymasant
dysgu	dysgen nhw
ceisio	ceisien nhw
bwyta	bwytasid
canu	cenais
gorchuddio	gorchuddi di
stopio	stopiwch
cilio	cilient
peidio	peidiont
cilio	ciliem
gafael	gafaelwch
mwynhau	mwynhao
atal	ataliwn
achosi	achosen ni
adolygu	adolygai fo
croesholi	croesholasem
swyno	swyna
casáu	casasai
llenydda	llenyddont
pwyso	pwysai fo
gadael	gadawed
elwa	elwaist ti
croeshoelio	croeshoelit
deall	deallon ni
colli	collech
llyfu	llyfasit
lluddias	lluddiwyd
anafu	anafa i
treisio	treisioch chi
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyai fo
ceisio	ceisia
ymolchi	ymolcho
loncian	lonciwn
coginio	coginia
croestorri	croestorroch chi
rhofio	rhofiasent
prynu	prynen nhw
cusanu	cusanen ni
coginio	coginiodd o
dychwelyd	dychwelir
ciledrych	ciledrychaf
dodi	dodasem
dileu	dileed
cofio	cofid
cuddio	cuddasit
dodi	dodont
croesi	croeson ni
clymu	clymwn i
marchogaeth	marchogwn
hudo	hudem
atal	atalon ni
tybio	tybient
lleoli	lleolaf
dangos	dangoson ni
dangos	dangosant
cynnig	cynigiasid
difetha	difethasit
disgyn	disgynwn
llenydda	llenyddasai
croesholi	croesholasent
galluogi	galluogon ni
treisio	treisiech
amau	amheui
rhwygo	rhwygi di
hofran	hofranasant
plannu	plannwn
rhuthro	rhuthrych
darlunio	darluniont
amgyffred	amgyffredent
bwrw	bwriais
elwa	elwsit
croesholi	croesholiai fo
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasech
uno	unom
nyddu	nyddet ti
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyon nhw
llosgi	llosgasom
coelio	coelient
cymryd	cymera
cerdded	cerddan nhw
dilyn	dilynasid
cynnig	cynigith o
gallu	gellwch
ennill	ennill
dychwelyd	dychwelai
gofyn	gofynedig
gweld	gwelwn
syrthio	syrthiodd
hedfan	hedfanwn
treisio	treisiant
cuddio	cuddoch chi
cynnwys	cynhwysom
ffurfio	ffurfion nhw
hofran	hofranid
clywed	clywi
rhwygo	rhwygwyd
addysgu	addysgan nhw
ceisio	ceisiwyd
canlyn	canlynaf
penderfynu	penderfynid
clymu	clymasem
tacluso	taclusedig
talu	talwn
anghofio	anghofiwyf
agor	agori
addo	addawsai
ystyried	ystyrio
ffili	ffilodd
casáu	casaent
condemnio	condemnien nhw
treisio	treisiwch
addysgu	addysgo
cerdded	cerddasit
pwyso	pwysais
ciledrych	ciledrycher
edliw	edliwi
medru	medrit
caru	carasid
agor	agorodd
golchi	golchont
disgyn	disgynech chi
gwerthu	gwerthasant
glawio	glawiwch
credu	credan nhw
amgyffred	amgyffredasoch
ymuno	ymunwch chi
arwain	arweiniasid
coelio	coelia i
rhedeg	rhedech chi
pweru	pwerodd o
gallu	gallwch chi
dodi	dodant
smygu	smyga
syrthio	syrthiwyf
gadael	gadawch
siafio	siafiedig
agor	agoron ni
marchogaeth	marchogont
gwerthu	gwerthit
annog	anogasai
gwrthod	gwrthoda
meddwl	meddyliant
canlyn	canlynedig
rhegi	rhegasoch
canu	canwch chi
sylwi	sylwo
arfer	arferwch
cilio	ciliech chi
pydru	pydraf
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasit
teimlo	teimlid
golchi	golchasom
ceisio	ceisiai
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwn
atal	atalai fo
dychwelyd	dychwelaist
tacluso	taclusais i
cadw	cadwasit
disgyn	disgynych
medru	medrais
condemnio	condemniaist ti
marchogaeth	marchogwn i
ymweld	ymwelaist
difetha	difethoch
ciledrych	ciledrychai
dodi	dododd
caledu	caledith o
tacluso	taclusech chi
eistedd	eisteddwch
llanw	llanwent
syrthio	syrthien ni
meddwl	meddyliem
darparu	darpar
penderfynu	penderfynaf
cusanu	cusanasant
stopio	stopiwch chi
medru	medrwn
hoelio	hoelioch chi
coginio	coginien ni
mynd	aethit
casáu	casaer
pwyso	pwyswn ni
hedfan	hedfanon ni
coginio	coginiom
gallu	gallwyd
siafio	siafiwch
gwenu	gwenont
awgrymu	awgrymed
rhofio	rhofiwch
darparu	darparaist ti
clymu	clymwyf
siafio	siafiasech
cloi	clowch
terfynu	terfynwch
prynu	prynasant
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddith o
penderfynu	penderfynit
eistedd	eistedda
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasech
cusanu	cusaner
llosgi	llosgen nhw
cwyno	cwynasent
llanw	lleinw
mynd	elych
ymddwyn	ymddygid
danfon	danfonwn
syrthio	syrthiwyd
clywed	clywon ni
ennill	enillasai
terfynu	terfynasit
iro	irasech
clywed	clywed
arfer	arferodd o
cysgu	cysgasai
meddwl	meddyliech
uno	unwyf
adolygu	adolygoch
croestorri	croestorasant
llenydda	llenyddit
llyfu	llyfer
croesi	croesiwyf
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddir
amgyffred	amgyffredasech
bwyta	bwytao
dileu	dileo
awgrymu	awgrymaist
rhuthro	rhuthrais i
cusanu	cusanasech
lleoli	lleoli
crynu	crynwn
iro	irai fo
gwenu	gweni di
gallu	gallech
crynu	cryno
ymolchi	ymolchodd o
claddu	claddoch chi
pwyso	pwyset ti
gwlychu	gwlychwn ni
hudo	hudwyf
nyddu	nydda
cofio	cofia
amnewid	amnewida
cilio	cilia i
clymu	clymed
ymddwyn	ymddygais i
taro	trawsom
cynnwys	cynhwysi di
hofran	hofranasech
treisio	treisia
bwyta	bwytewch
gwylio	gwyliasem
ymlacio	ymlacia
hedfan	hedfanwn
rhodio	rhodiwch
treisio	treisith o
dodi	doden ni
disgwyl	disgwylien nhw
dychwelyd	dychwelom
siafio	siafiwn ni
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwch
addo	addewi
meddwl	meddylier
disgyn	disgynon nhw
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddais
swyno	swynoch
annog	anogith o
iro	irant
agor	agorech chi
rhofio	rhofioch chi
cynnull	cynullem
awgrymu	awgrymai fo
addo	addawent
cyfieithu	cyfieithwn ni
danfon	danfono
cilio	cilia
darllen	darllener
syrthio	syrthiwn
aros	arhosai
cusanu	cusanoch chi
penderfynu	penderfynech
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwyd
cilio	cilier
cloi	cloith o
adwthio	adwthion ni
loncian	lonciwn ni
ceisio	ceisiwch chi
bwyta	bwytaodd
difetha	difethasem
cofio	cofia i
anafu	anafith o
arfer	arferaswn
amau	ameuasem
llanw	llanw
atal	atalech chi
aros	arhoswch
clymu	clymych
sylwi	sylwai
rhwystro	rhwystrasem
sgwrsio	sgwrsit
clymu	clymwn
cnuchio	cnuchith o
rhofio	rhofiwn ni
addysgu	addysget ti
mwynhau	mwynhâi
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddem
dangos	dangoswyf
syrthio	syrthiant
rhedeg	rhedwn
uno	unai
addysgu	addysgych
gwlychu	gwlychasit
gweld	gwelais
gorffen	gorffennwyf
darlunio	darluniasid
adwthio	adwthiwn ni
rhofio	rhofient
tacluso	taclusaswn
arfer	arferwn
amgyffred	amgyffredwch
cuddio	cuddai
pweru	pweron ni
casáu	casasent
darlunio	darluniwyd
dileu	dilea
rhwystro	rhwystraist ti
ffili	ffiler
cyfrwyo	cyfrwya
ceisio	ceisier
llosgi	llosgith o
ffurfio	ffurfiant
sylwi	sylwi
rhoi	rhoddais i
dychwelyd	dychwelais i
cnuchio	cnuchiet ti
croeshoelio	croeshoelier
rhuthro	rhuthraf
rhuthro	rhuthroch
cofio	cofiwyd
lladd	lladdent
swyno	swynwch
llosgi	llosgant
aros	arosasech
yfed	yfwn
crynu	crynasai
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwn ni
cymryd	cymeret ti
terfynu	terfyno
pweru	pwerech chi
cofio	cofiech
deall	deallais
smygu	smygaist ti
pwyso	pwyso
agor	agoroch
tybio	tybio
ymarfer	ymarfer
caru	carasit
plannu	plannwch
edliw	edliwiwch
danfon	danfonai
dychwelyd	dychwel
meddwl	meddyliaf
llanw	llanwasai
peidio	peidiais
siarad	siaradai
addysgu	addysgech
cenhedlu	cenhedlid
lleoli	lleola
condemnio	condemnient
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwn
diolch	diolchech
digwydd	digwyddwn
canu	canon nhw
llenydda	llenydder
llosgi	llosgaist
iro	irais
ffurfio	ffurfiont
darllen	darllenais i
elwa	elwent
sgwrsio	sgwrsioch chi
cynnull	cynullech
danfon	danfonant
ymarfer	ymarferant
colli	coll
rhwygo	rhwygoch
hofran	hofranasit
diolch	diolchwn ni
pasio	pasioch chi
ymweld	ymwelasai
poeni	poenais i
cynnull	cynullith o
arfer	arferen ni
ymweld	ymwelent
edliw	edliwiem
gallu	gallodd
syrthio	syrthiasech
anafu	anafodd o
parhau	parhasent
rhoi	rhowch
parhau	parhaent
gorchuddio	gorchuddion ni
dangos	dangoser
casáu	casawn
rhodio	rhodid
talu	talasit
casáu	casaon nhw
gwerthu	gwerthwn
cusanu	cusanom
llanw	llanwant
cadw	cadwyd
dathlu	dathlen nhw
smygu	smyga
meddwl	meddyliech
casáu	casaed
lleoli	lleolant
marchogaeth	marchogwch chi
hedfan	hedfanwn
dilyn	dilynech
rhoi	rhoddwn i
cyfnewid	cyfnewidien ni
poeni	poenech chi
peidio	peidiasid
disgyn	disgynais
dodi	dodasid
ymuno	ymunych
gwerthu	gwerthwyf
llenydda	llenyddasant
anfon	anfonen ni
deall	dealla i
rhedeg	rhedoch
lleoli	lleolaist
codi	codent
clywed	clywon nhw
cysylltu	cysyllter
uno	uner
mwynhau	mwynhewch
claddu	claddych
gorffen	gorffennai
rhuthro	rhuthrith o
diolch	diolch
addo	addawyd
sylwebu	sylwebwn ni
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwn ni
deall	deallwch
poeni	poenwn
swyno	swynech chi
amnewid	amnewidaist ti
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwch chi
gorffen	gorffen
niweidio	niweidi
darparu	darparaist
crynu	crynu
iro	iraf
golchi	golchith o
rhwygo	rhwyget ti
amgyffred	amgyffredai
pydru	pydron ni
addysgu	addysger
uno	unwn
gweld	gwelwch
clywed	clywai
dychwelyd	dychwelant
digwydd	digwyddwch
ennill	enillodd
dysgu	dysgodd o
gwenu	gwenent
pwyso	pwyswch
ystyried	ystyriwch
rhofio	rhofiasid
llenydda	llenyddai
gorchuddio	gorchuddiaist ti
anghofio	anghofiont
danfon	danfonasom
anghofio	anghofiaist ti
ymuno	ymuno
arfer	arferais
loncian	lonciasem
ysmygu	ysmygasit
bwrw	bwriont
teimlo	teimlasoch
iro	irer
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddid
ciledrych	ciledrychen nhw
cynnig	cynigid
dileu	dileasoch
penderfynu	penderfynaist ti
pwyso	pwysen nhw
poeni	poeni
niweidio	niweidir
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddech chi
rhwystro	rhwystrwn
glawio	glawion nhw
gweld	gwelech
croesi	croesied
niweidio	niweidiasit
siafio	siafioch
swyno	swynwn i
hofran	hofraned
annog	anogid
diolch	diolchasoch
rhwygo	rhwyga
loncian	lonciwch chi
ymuno	ymunont
golchi	golchasem
llanw	llanwoch
swyno	swynom
mynd	elid
taro	trawem
niweidio	niweidiais
arwain	arweini di
golchi	golchwyf
hofran	hofranwn
smygu	smygasom
addo	addawsid
cymryd	cymerasant
teimlo	teimlon ni
braenu	braenoch chi
darlunio	darluniaist
cynnig	cynigia
cynnwys	cynhwyso
cerdded	cerddem
ffili	ffilwch
rhwygo	rhwygent
cysgu	cysgai fo
terfynu	terfynent
croeshoelio	croeshoeliom
danfon	danfonwn ni
tacluso	taclus
bwrw	bwra
ymlacio	ymlacioch chi
dileu	dilewn ni
addysgu	addysgwch chi
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasant
lleihau	lleiasem
crynu	crynwn
hoelio	hoelion nhw
codi	codwn
pwyso	pwyswn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddai fo
rhegi	rhegedig
gwlychu	gwlychwn
gwerthu	gwerthedig
prynu	prynodd
stopio	stopio
rhedeg	rheded
lleoli	lleolen nhw
sylwi	sylwch chi
niweidio	niweidioch chi
anafu	anafen nhw
defnyddio	defnyddia
gadael	gadawon nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedla i
lluddias	lluddiet ti
medru	medrodd o
cloi	clown
hudo	hudent
hofran	hofranwn i
iro	irwyd
terfynu	terfynasai
gorffen	gorffennais i
addysgu	addysgwn
braenu	braenu
darlunio	darluniwyf
anghofio	anghofiasent
hedfan	hedfana
gwylio	gwyliwyd
ysu	ysith o
rhwystro	rhwystrent
diolch	diolchwn i
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwn i
loncian	lonciasent
edliw	edliwiasant
rhuthro	rhuthraswn
codi	codai
hoelio	hoeliwch
braenu	braenen ni
colli	collwch
cysylltu	cysylltaist ti
claddu	claddwn i
teimlo	teimlwch
cysylltu	cysyllter
ysu	ysasom
cynnig	cynigiaf
addysgu	addysgodd o
cysylltu	cysylltwn
cilio	ciliech
rhegi	rhegais
stopio	stopir
crynu	crynwch chi
golchi	golchasoch
galw	galwasid
ceisio	ceisiaist ti
cynnau	cyneuoch chi
awgrymu	awgrymen ni
braenu	braenych
bwrw	bwrien nhw
cysgu	cysgon nhw
cyfnewid	cyfnewidit
rhwystro	rhwystrwch
terfynu	terfynit
amnewid	amnewidet ti
lluddias	lluddiwch chi
uno	unith o
eistedd	eisteddi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydola i
galluogi	galluogych
ysmygu	ysmygasech
ymddwyn	ymddygasom
atal	atal
stopio	stopien ni
codi	codwch chi
canu	cenwch
cofio	cofiont
atal	ataliasit
syrthio	syrthiech
condemnio	condemniasech
cwyno	cwynasid
plannu	planned
palu	pala
gwerthu	gwerthodd o
dilyn	dilyni
croestorri	croestorrech
ffurfio	ffurfiais i
cymryd	cymeraist
siarad	siaredid
treisio	treisir
galw	galwasom
syrthio	syrthiwn ni
cynnig	cynigient
condemnio	condemniaist
dysgu	dysger
amgyffred	amgyffredoch
defnyddio	defnyddiasai
danfon	danfonedig
rhofio	rhofiech chi
adwthio	adwthioch chi
cyfieithu	cyfieithech chi
gadael	gadawodd o
dweud	dywedi di
cerdded	cerddwn i
smygu	smygom
peidio	peidient
cynnig	cynigiech chi
diolch	diolchet ti
golchi	golchwn i
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasent
deall	dealloch
sefyll	safasai
dychwelyd	dychwelasit
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwn
teimlo	teimla
gorchuddio	gorchuddier
llosgi	llosgodd
gorffen	gorffennwn
cadw	cadwa i
llenydda	llenydden nhw
croeshoelio	croeshoeliedig
difetha	difethwn i
lleihau	lleiasit
darlunio	darluniasent
niweidio	niweidied
croestorri	croestorraf
danfon	danfonais i
lleoli	lleoloch
mwynhau	mwynha
stopio	stopiasit
defnyddio	defnyddiwyf
cyrraedd	cyrhaedda i
siarad	siaredaist
stopio	stopiwch
rhuthro	rhuthro
croesi	croesiasoch
dileu	dilëid
rhofio	rhofiaist ti
lluddias	lluddien nhw
adolygu	adolyga i
difetha	difethych
gwenu	gwenid
gadael	gadewych
ymddwyn	ymddygent
methu	methaist ti
lluddias	lluddiaist
hedfan	hedfanoch chi
dodi	dodon ni
braenu	braena
marchogaeth	marchogant
annog	anogan nhw
cloi	cloai
deall	deallwn
treisio	treisiwch
ysmygu	ysmygwch
dychwelyd	dychwelasoch
disgyn	disgynant
smygu	smygwn ni
plannu	plannant
ymuno	ymunasoch
cynnig	cynigiwyd
crynu	crynasom
caru	carent
cwyno	cwyner
defnyddio	defnyddiasech
annog	anogaist
caru	caraswn
gwrthod	gwrthodent
dechrau	dechreuasid
amnewid	amnewidech chi
awgrymu	awgrymont
meddwl	meddylit
gofyn	gofynnent
gwenu	gwenwn
gwylio	gwyli
cenhedlu	cenhedlasoch
ciledrych	ciledrychwch
darparu	darparent
anghofio	anghofi
gorchuddio	gorchuddian nhw
medru	medr
ysmygu	ysmygech
amgyffred	amgyffredent
ymuno	ymunent
ymuno	ymunasom
rhedeg	rhedeg
gwylio	gwylio
gadael	gadawsant
gweld	gweld
eistedd	eisteddasoch
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasem
awgrymu	awgrymodd
siarad	siaradon nhw
difetha	difethit
anafu	anafa
golchi	golchasai
gadael	gadawsom
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyen ni
swyno	swynwn
stopio	stopiech
sefyll	safith o
croesi	croesiom
claddu	cladda i
dathlu	dathlais i
ysmygu	ysmygai
tacluso	taclusant
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddech
atal	ataliedig
cynnau	cyneuer
condemnio	condemniwn i
pydru	pydrasai
dileu	dileasai
gwerthu	gwerthasom
swyno	swynwn ni
annog	anogais
awgrymu	awgrymwyd
marchogaeth	marchogen ni
lluddias	lluddiont
sefyll	safodd o
croestorri	croestorrwn
rhwygo	rhwygant
sylwi	sylwais
medru	medr o
dweud	dyweden nhw
hoelio	hoelier
llanw	llanwn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyir
braenu	braenen nhw
gafael	gafael
croesi	croesen nhw
teimlo	teimled
gofyn	gofynasant
danfon	danfonwn
cyfarfod	cyfarfu
rhedeg	rhed
talu	talech chi
ffili	ffiled
llenydda	llenyddaist
gorffen	gorffenni di
niweidio	niweidiasom
lleihau	lleiedig
anfon	anfonet ti
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyedig
treisio	treisio
sylwebu	sylwebant
dilyn	dilynasent
cloi	clowyf
anghofio	anghofio
rhegi	rhegwn ni
llosgi	llosgaist ti
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyan nhw
dodi	dodedigdodadwy
galluogi	galluogwyd
ymddwyn	ymddygai fo
cysylltu	cysylltem
syrthio	syrthiasit
niweidio	niweidiaswn
canoli	canolwch
cnuchio	cnuchiwn i
siarad	siaradaswn
ffurfio	ffurfiem
cynnau	cyneuaswn
cofio	cofith o
cenhedlu	cenhedli
gorchuddio	gorchuddiodd o
gorchuddio	gorchuddiais
siafio	siafir
atal	atalio
pweru	pweraist ti
disgyn	disgynasid
gorchuddio	gorchuddien nhw
addo	addawaf
tybio	tybiasech
cysgu	cysgodd
dilyn	dilynaswn
cenhedlu	cenhedlem
ysu	yswch
canu	canaf
hedfan	hedfanid
cynnull	cynullwch chi
diolch	diolcha i
codi	codant
croestorri	croestorrwch
ymddwyn	ymddygo
rhedeg	rhedit
danfon	danfonwn i
caru	caredigcaradwy
ymuno	ymunwyd
palu	palasech
siarad	siaradoch
sylwebu	sylwebem
cwyno	cwyner
dodi	dodem
caru	cerir
danfon	danfonech chi
hofran	hofranai
cynnig	cynigiasem
llanw	llanwer
cuddio	cuddaswn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyaist ti
anafu	anafwn ni
agor	agorom
llyfu	llyfaf
cuddio	cuddir
sgwrsio	sgwrsion ni
sgwrsio	sgwrsiech chi
parhau	parhaer
agor	agoraf
adolygu	adolygasom
eistedd	eistedda
cymryd	cymerwn i
methu	metha
casáu	casaoch
terfynu	terfynid
iro	iret ti
aros	arhosan nhw
difetha	difetha
hofran	hofranwyd
colli	collem
sylwebu	sylwebwn
arfer	arferwyf
medru	medra
treisio	treisiech
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddent
pydru	pydrwch
darllen	darllenem
bwrw	bwriasech
ymddwyn	ymddygech chi
methu	methasech
condemnio	condemnio
bwrw	bwriech
galluogi	galluogwch
atal	ataliasoch
danfon	danfonaf
cwyno	cwynont
braenu	braenid
digwydd	digwyddych
ymweld	ymwelasant
lleihau	lleihed
disgyn	disgynai
hofran	hofranet ti
ysu	ysasid
cynnull	cynullasant
gwerthu	gwerthasent
hedfan	hedfanan nhw
croestorri	croestorrwch
lleihau	lleiasoch
bwrw	bwriasent
llanw	llanwo
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenner
niweidio	niweidian nhw
adolygu	adolygant
lladd	lleddych
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywn i
talu	telais
loncian	lonciwyf
casáu	casawch
nyddu	nyddwyd
disgyn	disgynasant
gwenu	gwenasoch
eistedd	eisteddais
hudo	hudo
gweld	gwelo
ymweld	ymwelon nhw
sefyll	saf
coginio	coginit
cynnull	cynullych
dychwelyd	dychwelais
disgyn	disgynasem
hedfan	hedfanodd
anfon	anfonais i
gafael	gafaelasit
dilyn	dilynem
amau	amheuwyf
dodi	dodon nhw
atal	atalen ni
llanw	llanwed
ffili	ffilwch chi
braenu	braenwch chi
peidio	peidiasit
bwyta	bwytoch chi
swyno	swyno
cadw	cadwet ti
casáu	casaodd
rhodio	rhodiont
gorffen	gorffennent
digwydd	digwyddaist
ymolchi	ymolchent
cynnull	cynullodd o
disgwyl	disgwyliasai
syrthio	syrthiai fo
golchi	golchon ni
dodi	dodwn i
achosi	achosais i
sylwi	sylwch
dilyn	dilynid
dangos	dangos
gallu	galled
ystyried	ystyrion ni
gafael	gafaeledig
palu	palith o
cerdded	cerddent
atal	ataliasem
dodi	dodasant
deall	deallasom
tybio	tybier
casáu	casâ
gwylio	gwyliech chi
rhwystro	rhwystron ni
mynd	âi
cuddio	cuddaist
gallu	gallwn ni
penderfynu	penderfyn
gallu	gallai
cadw	cadwo
ciledrych	ciledrychaist
ysmygu	ysmyga
dileu	dileont
torri	torrwyf
syrthio	syrthiech chi
gofyn	gofynned
peidio	peidiwn
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasit
cuddio	cuddoch
cyrraedd	cyrhaedder
talu	talen ni
anghofio	anghofit
pydru	pydrasant
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasom
cerdded	cerddir
golchi	golch
clymu	clymwch
canu	canem
peidio	peidiaf
dechrau	dechreuedig
pydru	pydrwn
arfer	arferech chi
canlyn	canlynwn ni
cynnig	cynigiwn
clymu	clymu
darlunio	darlunnid
deall	deallech
ymolchi	ymolchwch
canu	canoch chi
agor	agorych
darllen	darllenwch
ymuno	ymuned
addo	addawer
ymweld	ymwelai
darparu	darparet ti
galluogi	galluogai fo
awgrymu	awgrymu
peidio	peidi
palu	palaist ti
cwyno	cwynwch
croesholi	croesholem
terfynu	terfynaf
hofran	hofranasoch
aros	arhosir
clywed	clywech chi
rhedeg	rhedo
arwain	arweinia
medru	medrasem
plannu	plannai
dechrau	dechreuon nhw
cymryd	cymerent
tybio	tybiwch
dysgu	dysgi
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddedig
darparu	darparasom
cynnull	cynulled
taro	trawent
awgrymu	awgrymaf
danfon	danfonit
edliw	edliwiasit
cynnau	cyneuasem
teimlo	teimla
croesi	croeswch chi
sefyll	safwch
disgyn	disgynasai
talu	taler
iro	irais i
gadael	gadawn i
sylwi	sylwa
ymlacio	ymlaciwch
pydru	pydrwn
coelio	coelio
darparu	darparwn
gallu	galla
teimlo	teimla i
cyffwrdd	cyffwrdd
ymolchi	ymolchwch
lleihau	lleiasent
eistedd	eisteddodd
dechrau	dechreuasit
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwch chi
ysu	ysasai
ceisio	ceisiaswn
disgyn	disgynem
adolygu	adolygodd o
rhegi	rhegasid
hudo	hudais
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasent
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolech chi
croesholi	croesholiodd o
darlunio	darluniech chi
siafio	siafiaist ti
croesholi	croesholiais i
sylwi	sylwi
darlunio	darlunien ni
disgwyl	disgwyliasant
addo	addawyf
eistedd	eisteddon nhw
rhofio	rhofiwyd
digwydd	digwyddant
condemnio	condemniasit
rhegi	rhegom
croestorri	croestorret ti
cerdded	cerddi
ystyried	ystyriech chi
claddu	claddith o
ceisio	ceisiasid
arwain	arweiniaist ti
hofran	hofranoch
cenhedlu	cenhedlon ni
braenu	braenon nhw
teimlo	teimlaf
penderfynu	penderfynedig
clywed	clywech
arwain	arweiniaf
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasech
dilyn	dilynasech
disgyn	disgynech
agor	agorwn ni
torri	torrodd o
ymddwyn	ymddygant
casáu	casawch chi
croesi	croesiwch
gorffen	gorffennech
torri	torasit
parhau	parheir
lluddias	lluddi
cynnig	cynigiwn ni
dechrau	dechreued
canu	cân
smygu	smygai fo
caru	cerid
dangos	dangosasent
dilyn	dilyner
annog	anogwch
darparu	darpara i
achosi	achoson nhw
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddaist ti
siarad	siaradwyd
gwario	gwariech chi
llyfu	llyfwyf
llyfu	llyfu
galw	galwn ni
coginio	coginiaist
ffili	ffilwch
ffurfio	ffurfid
croesi	croesith o
cysylltu	cysylltasech
cynnau	cyneuais
cymryd	cymerant
iro	irwch
coelio	coeliont
cysgu	cysgasant
lluddias	lluddient
pydru	pydrid
prynu	prynasom
treisio	treisied
loncian	loncied
achosi	achosen nhw
awgrymu	awgrymit
medru	medrasit
sylwi	sylwaist
darllen	darllenant
ffili	ffilid
hoelio	hoeliasai
palu	paloch chi
ceisio	ceisi di
croestorri	croestorrwn ni
sylwi	sylwch
anfon	anfonaswn
canlyn	canlynasit
croesholi	croesholasoch
crynu	crynith o
ciledrych	ciledrychet ti
addo	addawon ni
niweidio	niweidi
cyfieithu	cyfieitha
canu	canent
rhwystro	rhwystrid
dileu	dileu
atal	atalwch
methu	methid
cynnwys	cynhwyswch
hedfan	hedfanont
hudo	hudan nhw
gofyn	gofynnaist
amau	amheuit
gadael	gadawyd
cenhedlu	cenhedlen nhw
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwn ni
bwrw	bwria i
sgwrsio	sgwrsiaf
darlunio	darlunio
gwenu	gweno
gweld	gwelsent
cysylltu	cysylltais i
dilyn	dilynaf
arfer	arferwn
claddu	claddo
tacluso	taclusasent
adolygu	adolygit
gweld	gwelwn i
palu	palaist
disgyn	disgynodd o
treisio	treisiaist ti
atal	ataliom
cilio	ciliwn i
crynu	crynit
cyrraedd	cyraeddasoch
croeshoelio	croeshoeliaist ti
golchi	golchaf
condemnio	condemniasent
gofyn	gofynnaf
galluogi	galluogon nhw
ymarfer	ymarferais i
caledu	caledan nhw
dysgu	dysgasit
cusanu	cusanith o
rhwystro	rhwystrwn
gwrthod	gwrthodai
pydru	pydrasech
defnyddio	defnyddia i
elwa	elwont
cwyno	cwynodd
cnuchio	cnuchia i
bwyta	bwytaer
rhuthro	rhuthrasoch
bwyta	bwyty
hudo	hudwn ni
cerdded	cerdden nhw
anafu	anafet ti
galw	gelwch
ffili	ffilir
pwyso	pwyson nhw
ymarfer	ymarferech
uno	unasant
bwyta	bwytawyf
plannu	planasent
caru	cerwch
llenydda	llenyddith o
syrthio	syrthiasem
gadael	gadawon ni
cyfarfod	cyfarfuwyd
darllen	darllenaswn
pwyso	pwyson ni
treisio	treisi
lleoli	lleola
mwynhau	mwynheuith o
hudo	hudwn
adwthio	adwthiais i
pwyso	pwysech
gwrthod	gwrthodi di
atal	atala
arwain	arweiniwch
elwa	elwant
galluogi	galluogaf
croesi	croesoch chi
gwario	gwariaist ti
ymddwyn	ymddygom
gwlychu	gwlychych
ymuno	ymunodd
nyddu	nyddaswn
plannu	planasai
danfon	danfona
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdden ni
cymryd	cymerid
difetha	difether
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyi di
defnyddio	defnyddioch chi
disgyn	disgyni
cerdded	cerddych
cilio	ciliodd
ymuno	ymunasant
dysgu	dysgai
cenhedlu	cenhedlasech
cuddio	cuddais
ymolchi	ymolchasant
cynnull	cynulloch
gorchuddio	gorchuddiai
medru	medren ni
pwyso	pwysit
sgwrsio	sgwrsioch
loncian	loncith o
cnuchio	cnuchiwch
addysgu	addysgaist ti
claddu	claddent
teithio	teithi
elwa	elwch
lluddias	lluddiodd o
swyno	swynit
sefyll	safwn i
rhwygo	rhwygwn ni
difetha	difethwch chi
siafio	siafiodd o
hofran	hofranasid
penderfynu	penderfynir
mynd	aethon nhw
tybio	tybiasid
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolan nhw
dechrau	dechreuech chi
niweidio	niweidiant
cerdded	cerddon nhw
gwlychu	gwlychon ni
penderfynu	penderfynaist
hoelio	hoelied
eistedd	eistedded
cadw	cadwn
cysgu	cysgem
cyrraedd	cyraeddasid
caru	caroch chi
ffurfio	ffurfiasom
adwthio	adwthien nhw
cuddio	cuddith o
ciledrych	ciledrychech chi
eistedd	eisteddai fo
galluogi	galluogaist
condemnio	condemnia
siarad	sieryd
colli	collych
cilio	ciliaswn
canu	cenid
hedfan	hedfanom
edliw	edliwied
rhoi	rhoesom
dechrau	dechreuwch chi
iro	irwch chi
cwyno	cwynwn
codi	codid
cadw	cadwoch chi
gallu	gellid
plannu	planasid
mynd	euthum
dodi	dodai fo
uno	unent
talu	talasoch
cwyno	cwynasai
meddwl	meddyliet ti
nyddu	nyddai fo
rhuthro	rhuthro
dileu	dileit
dangos	dangosont
deall	deallent
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwn
medru	medron nhw
lleoli	lleolasoch
difetha	difethant
stopio	stopiech
peidio	paid
rhegi	rhegen ni
croesi	croesi
credu	creda i
cyffwrdd	cyffwrdd
nyddu	nyddasom
ymlacio	ymlaciet ti
darlunio	darluniwn ni
edliw	edliwiasoch
hoelio	hoeliwn ni
cilio	cilith o
talu	talwn
taro	trawsech
gorchuddio	gorchuddiodd
adwthio	adwthiet ti
ystyried	ystyriet ti
ymarfer	ymarferwn i
dathlu	dathlwn ni
defnyddio	defnyddiaist ti
clymu	clymodd o
annog	anogasant
darlunio	darluniasit
ymarfer	ymarferwn
llanw	llanwaf
cerdded	cerdda i
gorffen	gorffennon ni
clymu	clymit
lleoli	lleolasant
disgyn	disgyna
casáu	casaem
disgyn	disgyned
llosgi	llosgen ni
sylwi	sylwent
rhedeg	rhedodd
addysgu	addysgais i
dweud	dywedai fo
croeshoelio	croeshoeliech chi
yfed	yfont
galluogi	galluogont
ffili	ffilent
claddu	claddaist
gadael	gadewi
ceisio	ceisiet ti
gwlychu	gwlychwn
colli	colloch
sylwebu	sylwebon ni
nyddu	nyddech chi
llenydda	llenyddech
adolygu	adolygaist
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyych
dysgu	dysgodd
rhwygo	rhwygon nhw
rhoi	rhoddoch chi
lleihau	lleihant
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasech
ymuno	ymunwn
dileu	dilea
cyfnewid	cyfnewidian nhw
rhwystro	rhwystrais
rhuthro	rhuthrech
cilio	ciliasent
rhwygo	rhwygwch
plannu	plannwn ni
ymlacio	ymlacier
braenu	braenech chi
cysylltu	cysylltai
plannu	plannet ti
clywed	clywer
amgyffred	amgyffredan nhw
dechrau	dechreuit
llenydda	llenyddasid
caru	carent
caru	caroch
cofio	cofio
ystyried	ystyriom
cadw	cadwa
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywn
galw	geilw
atal	atalith o
hofran	hofranasem
condemnio	condemniasai
eistedd	eisteddedig
rhuthro	rhuthraist
mwynhau	mwynhaoch
galw	galwai
coelio	coeliech chi
croesi	croesa i
croesi	croesiaswn
cusanu	cusanasom
taro	trawn
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddan nhw
ciledrych	ciledrychi di
cysgu	cysgaist ti
amgyffred	amgyffredwn ni
dangos	dangoswn ni
cwyno	cwynai
gafael	gafaelont
danfon	denfyn
smygu	smygo
elwa	elwo
clywed	clywet ti
cuddio	cuddai fo
cymryd	cymerech
addo	addawech
marchogaeth	marchoger
dodi	dodent
lleoli	lleolodd
bwrw	bwrier
rhodio	rhodiasid
lleoli	lleolith o
cynnig	cynigiasech
ymddwyn	ymddygwn
hofran	hofranom
anfon	anfonan nhw
syrthio	syrthiwn
dechrau	dechreui di
lleihau	lleihych
rhofio	rhofiasech
claddu	claddwn
braenu	braenodd o
hoelio	hoeliwch
darlunio	darluniwn
swyno	swynedig
cwyno	cwynit
cyfnewid	cyfnewidient
llyfu	llyfasid
gwylio	gwyliant
teithio	teithian nhw
dodi	dodom
aros	arhosais
ffurfio	ffurfiwyf
gadael	gadawai fo
dweud	dywedasit
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolen ni
lluddias	lluddia i
cenhedlu	cenhedlu
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasit
terfynu	terfynais i
disgyn	disgynaf
gweld	gwelai fo
clymu	clymasent
coelio	coeliasent
galw	galwn
torri	torasid
cynnau	cyneua
palu	pali
cofio	cofiodd o
sylwebu	sylweba i
cyfnewid	cyfnewidier
medru	medrasom
coginio	coginiasai
palu	pali di
marchogaeth	marchogwn
adwthio	adwthiaist ti
peidio	peidiwn i
plannu	planasit
rhoi	rhoddwch chi
gwylio	gwylit
croesi	croesia
digwydd	digwyddoch chi
dweud	dywedwch
pydru	pydrwch
cloi	cloai fo
codi	cwyd
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwn ni
cynnwys	cynhwyset ti
croesi	croesiwyd
edliw	edliwiech
teimlo	teimlont
methu	methwyd
penderfynu	penderfynasom
gwylio	gwyliasent
croeshoelio	croeshoeliodd
uno	unasai
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddir
marchogaeth	marchogasit
croesi	croesiasai
rhwystro	rhwystrasit
cusanu	cusanaf
addo	addawsem
ysmygu	ysmygaist ti
loncian	loncia i
adwthio	adwthiai fo
tacluso	taclusech
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwch chi
gwenu	gwenwch
plannu	plannent
deall	deallasoch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydola
gwylio	gwylient
dweud	dywedit
claddu	claddasai
treisio	treisiais i
bwyta	bwytwn i
codi	codych
cynnau	cyneued
iro	irwn ni
galluogi	galluogwn i
poeni	poenith o
deall	deallet ti
ystyried	ystyriem
cyfnewid	cyfnewidioch
cenhedlu	cenhedlasent
digwydd	digwyddaf
gwylio	gwylier
gwrthod	gwrthoda i
gadael	gadawn
methu	methwn
gweld	gwelwn ni
pwyso	pwyswch chi
peidio	peidiasem
llanw	llanwasid
hoelio	hoeliom
niweidio	niweidiaist
siarad	siaradwyf
loncian	lonciodd
gwenu	gwenent
gadael	gadawaf
gorchuddio	gorchuddiaf
sylwebu	sylwebais i
disgyn	disgynwch chi
gweld	gwelaist
cusanu	cusanant
tacluso	tacluswn
hoelio	hoeliwyd
lleoli	lleolwyd
penderfynu	penderfyno
cnuchio	cnuchiai fo
meddwl	meddwl
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddych
stopio	stopiwyd
dechrau	dechreuon ni
cusanu	cusanedig
croestorri	croestorraist ti
hudo	huder
torri	torrwn
cuddio	cuddaf
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddi di
cynnwys	cynwysasit
prynu	prynaf
siafio	siafiwn
gwlychu	gwlychit
llyfu	llyf
teithio	teithiaswn
plannu	planno
ysmygu	ysmygais
digwydd	digwyddet ti
yfed	yfoch
torri	tor
penderfynu	penderfynwn
galw	galwom
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiedig
arwain	arweinier
coelio	coeliwn i
condemnio	condemniwn
bwrw	bwrioch chi
elwa	elwsent
pydru	pydrir
nyddu	nyddwn
cyfieithu	cyfieithan nhw
ceisio	ceisient
gwerthu	gwerthi di
poeni	poenych
diolch	diolchasai
cynnwys	cynhwysa
syrthio	syrthion ni
palu	pala
gafael	gafaelith o
pydru	pydroch
marchogaeth	marchogwn ni
elwa	elwsech
darllen	darllen
pydru	pydri
ymweld	ymwelwch
rhwygo	rhwygaswn
bwyta	bwytasent
canoli	canolen nhw
siafio	siafi di
penderfynu	penderfynais i
taro	trewych
casáu	casaen nhw
penderfynu	penderfynu
cynnig	cynigiwch chi
codi	coda i
sylwi	sylwent
cwyno	cwynych
disgwyl	disgwyliwn
darparu	darparoch chi
colli	collo
ymarfer	ymarferasem
gorchuddio	gorchuddit
ymweld	ymwelir
pasio	pasiwn i
gallu	gallwyf
addysgu	addysgasech
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyai
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwn
tybio	tybiais
meddwl	meddyliwn
llyfu	llyfech
gweld	gwelswn
cysylltu	cysylltedig
adolygu	adolygem
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennych
yfed	yfasai
cynnau	cyneuasai
anfon	anfonai
cynnau	cyneuo
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddan nhw
gofyn	gofynner
loncian	loncier
achosi	achosaist ti
coginio	coginiai fo
deall	deallwyf
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwn i
sefyll	safwn
coginio	coginiasid
ymlacio	ymlaciwn
darparu	darpar
darparu	darparer
addysgu	addysgwch
arfer	arferir
darllen	darllen
marchogaeth	marchogwch
addo	addawch
braenu	braenasai
stopio	stopiant
clymu	clymem
clymu	clyma
dangos	dangoswch
gwario	gwariet ti
lladd	lladdem
cilio	cilier
gwenu	gwenem
siafio	siafiai
caru	carwch
dysgu	dysgir
ymddwyn	ymddyger
addo	addawsit
ymolchi	ymolchasom
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddom
ciledrych	ciledrycho
taro	trawom
ceisio	ceisit
poeni	poenaswn
danfon	danfoned
casáu	casânt
terfynu	terfyna
cilio	ciliodd o
lluddias	lluddiasant
ymweld	ymwelen ni
arwain	arwain
ymddwyn	ymddyget ti
dileu	dileaf
lleoli	lleolaswn
pwyso	pwyswch
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddo
hedfan	hedfanais
cynnau	cyneuen nhw
gwerthu	gwerthen nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedlit
darparu	darparo
condemnio	condemniaf
penderfynu	penderfynasai
croesholi	croesholiwn i
stopio	stopiodd o
coelio	coeliasant
ymuno	ymunet ti
talu	taler
ffili	ffilodd o
tacluso	taclusasoch
annog	anogwn
iro	irent
anghofio	anghofiasit
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddo
awgrymu	awgrymi
syrthio	syrth
rhedeg	rhedont
smygu	smygaswn
agor	agorasai
gadael	gadawaist ti
dilyn	dilynen ni
torri	torrai
rhwygo	rhwyga
prynu	prynedig
talu	talwyd
claddu	cladden nhw
disgwyl	disgwyliai fo
aros	arosadwy
gadael	gadawi di
ymweld	ymwelit
defnyddio	defnyddia
cenhedlu	cenhedlai fo
coelio	coeliodd
anfon	anfonasai
ymolchi	ymolchwyd
plannu	plannodd
adolygu	adolygaf
arfer	arferom
hudo	hudi di
sefyll	safont
rhegi	rhegi di
ymlacio	ymlaciaist
diolch	diolcha
darllen	darllenwch
coginio	coginiasent
rhodio	rhodit
tybio	tybiwn
canu	canet ti
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwch
atal	ateliais
deall	deallasent
agor	agoran nhw
deall	dealler
llosgi	llosgid
rhoi	rhoesai
dychwelyd	dychwelasent
claddu	cladd
mynd	elit
hofran	hofranwn ni
dodi	dodith o
cuddio	cuddwch
lluddias	lluddith o
methu	methoch
dangos	dangosais i
loncian	loncien nhw
prynu	prynon ni
canu	canwn ni
rhegi	rhegent
rhwygo	rhwygir
edliw	edliwient
methu	methasom
parhau	parhawn
gwlychu	gwlychasoch
ymlacio	ymlaciasai
gofyn	gofynasem
casáu	casaont
dechrau	dechreuwyd
rhedeg	rhedasai
palu	palasit
galw	galwon nhw
lladd	lladdasem
ystyried	ystyriwn i
amnewid	amnewidwn i
medru	medrwch
lladd	lleddir
ffurfio	ffurfiwn
rhwygo	rhwyga
ysu	ysaf
treisio	treisiwn
llyfu	llyfo
ceisio	ceisiasech
anafu	anafan nhw
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasit
agor	agorwch chi
ymlacio	ymlacion nhw
darlunio	darlunied
amau	amheuon nhw
meddwl	meddyliwn ni
caru	carith o
plannu	planasem
cloi	cloet ti
rhegi	rhegwch
golchi	golchwn
parhau	parhasem
cynnull	cynullasoch
cnuchio	cnuchi di
crynu	crynwch
anghofio	anghofiech
addo	addewid
dileu	dileasom
rhwystro	rhwystro
cwyno	cwynaf
tacluso	taclusasid
clywed	clywi di
cynnau	cyneuasant
uno	unwn
cyfieithu	cyfieithen ni
diolch	diolchaist
croesi	croesiwn
cuddio	cuddo
annog	anoger
llosgi	llosgaswn
smygu	smygasit
golchi	golcher
digwydd	digwyddasoch
arwain	arweiniodd
yfed	yfa i
defnyddio	defnyddioch
cynnig	cynigiet ti
deall	deallen ni
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwyd
cloi	cloa
tybio	tybiai
difetha	difethwch
ysu	yswch
uno	unwch chi
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyo
arwain	arweinien ni
gwenu	gwenais
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasom
cysgu	cysger
dathlu	dathla
cilio	ciliasem
cloi	cloen nhw
penderfynu	penderfynais
canlyn	canlynir
agor	agorasech
dechrau	dechreuwn ni
dodi	dodasai
croesholi	croesholoch
prynu	prynodd o
cadw	cadw
claddu	claddom
eistedd	eisteddasai
darparu	darparaf
ysmygu	ysmygwn
cloi	clôch
clymu	clymen nhw
ymuno	ymunwch
swyno	swynasit
dileu	dileant
swyno	swynaist ti
coginio	coginiwn
peidio	peidiant
rhuthro	rhuthrwyf
peidio	peidia
cusanu	cusanasit
cynnwys	cynhwysais
stopio	stopian nhw
anfon	anfonon ni
sylwebu	sylwebech
canoli	canolon nhw
terfynu	terfynwyd
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasid
terfynu	terfynet ti
ysmygu	ysmygaf
ennill	enilli di
rhedeg	rhededig
anghofio	anghofion ni
gallu	gallasent
lleihau	lleihom
cyfnewid	cyfnewidith o
poeni	poenen nhw
cuddio	cuddent
cynnig	cynigiech
dechrau	dechreuech
canoli	canoloch chi
dileu	dileais i
gwrthod	gwrthodasem
cysylltu	cysylltasai
dweud	dywedoch
cyfnewid	cyfnewid
hudo	hudoch chi
siarad	siaradodd
cusanu	cusanasem
sefyll	safasant
gallu	gallwn
cadw	cadwasai
terfynu	terfynith o
ysu	yswch
ymarfer	ymarferych
sylwebu	sylwebwn i
croesi	croesech chi
ymarfer	ymarferid
lleoli	lleolem
gafael	gafaeled
amau	amheuai
aros	arosasai
adolygu	adolyged
aros	arosasent
ciledrych	ciledrychaswn
ystyried	ystyrien ni
lladd	lladdent
ymddwyn	ymddygasant
niweidio	niweidiwn
darlunio	darlunnith
ymolchi	ymolchasech
cynnig	cynigiasent
gafael	gafaelasai
clymu	clymwyd
dileu	dileen nhw
cynnwys	cynhwysed
galluogi	galluoga
colli	collen nhw
dechrau	dechreuent
dilyn	dilynont
caru	caron nhw
hoelio	hoeliodd o
stopio	stopion nhw
sefyll	safa i
siafio	siafioch chi
ysmygu	ysmygoch chi
cynnwys	cynhwysech chi
penderfynu	penderfynan nhw
gwrthod	gwrthodwn i
cysgu	cysga
anfon	anfonais
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasem
annog	anogech chi
galw	galwen ni
disgwyl	disgwyliech
addysgu	addysga i
cadw	cadwom
dychwelyd	dychwelwn
meddwl	meddyliai fo
golchi	golch
dathlu	dathli di
elwa	elwir
peidio	peidier
marchogaeth	marchogent
rhwystro	rhwystrais i
gafael	gafaeloch chi
tacluso	tacluser
llenydda	llenyddent
atal	atalon nhw
yfed	yfych
dodi	dodi
croesi	croesiwn
dathlu	dathla i
amgyffred	amgyffreda
galluogi	galluogodd o
croestorri	croestorrwn
rhegi	rhegant
cynnwys	cynhwysen ni
cofio	cofiasom
methu	methu
prynu	prynu
tacluso	tacluswn
treisio	treisiasent
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwn
teimlo	teimlwn
stopio	stopiwn
cenhedlu	cenhedlech
lleihau	lleihi
medru	medrwch chi
digwydd	digwyddon ni
cilio	ciliwch
cynnull	cynullaist ti
sylwebu	sylweben nhw
claddu	claddwyd
ymweld	ymwelasech
uno	unwn ni
edliw	edliwio
cofio	cofien ni
gorffen	gorffennais
cyfnewid	cyfnewidion ni
cwyno	cwyno
dangos	dangoswn
ymarfer	ymarferwn
yfed	yfir
dechrau	dechreuem
siarad	siaredi
syrthio	syrthiasai
swyno	swyni di
golchi	golchon nhw
darlunio	darlunient
penderfynu	penderfynwyf
treisio	treision ni
rhuthro	rhuthrai
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwch
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiaist
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyoch
swyno	swyni
danfon	danfonwn
rhofio	rhofiom
darparu	darparon ni
crynu	crynaist
iro	irem
gwrthod	gwrthodit
ymweld	ymwelais
marchogaeth	marchogi
adolygu	adolygasech
canlyn	canlynwch chi
darparu	darparais
aros	arosasid
cadw	cadwon ni
croestorri	croestorri
llosgi	llosgwn
croeshoelio	croeshoelion ni
tacluso	taclusem
croestorri	croestorrais i
mynd	aethid
ennill	enillid
mwynhau	mwynhaer
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddodd o
caru	cerwch
dodi	dodoch chi
parhau	parhedig
agor	agorent
gofyn	gofynasech
cenhedlu	cenhedlasit
danfon	danfonom
cerdded	cerdd
rhofio	rhofid
gwlychu	gwlychasai
darllen	darllenen nhw
rhodio	rhodir
croeshoelio	croeshoeliaist
cerdded	cerddoch chi
poeni	poenwyd
danfon	danfoner
condemnio	condemnia
casáu	casasem
lladd	lleddi
pasio	pasiwn ni
sgwrsio	sgwrsid
hedfan	hedfanent
teimlo	teimlasem
bwyta	bwytasech
gwenu	gwenwn i
lluddias	lluddiasai
casáu	casaith o
rhofio	rhofia
deall	deallasid
syrthio	syrthied
pwyso	pwysa
dysgu	dysgwch
croestorri	croestorasem
ffurfio	ffurfiasent
teithio	teithiasent
cilio	ciliwyd
cerdded	cerddo
medru	medrwch
siafio	siafiasent
awgrymu	awgrymer
ysu	ysit
arwain	arweinied
cysgu	cysget ti
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasant
tacluso	tacluswn i
difetha	difethais i
croesholi	croesholo
rhofio	rhofiwyf
dodi	dodwch
defnyddio	defnyddi
ennill	enillir
darparu	darparasant
diolch	diolchoch chi
cuddio	cuddon ni
sefyll	safom
nyddu	nyddit
lluddias	lluddiech
ymolchi	ymolchid
ennill	enillaist ti
aros	arosasant
aros	arhosai fo
rhofio	rhofia
stopio	stopio
teimlo	teimlasit
ffili	ffilasant
poeni	poenaf
siarad	siaradwn
llwyddo	llwyddwch
rhwygo	rhwygasit
anghofio	anghofiodd
pydru	pydrwn ni
ciledrych	ciledrychoch
addysgu	addysgi di
gallu	gallasid
anfon	anfonasid
arwain	arweiniech
hofran	hofranent
cuddio	cudd
hofran	hofranais
disgwyl	disgwyliedig
lladd	lleddwch
caru	carwyf
anfon	anfoner
awgrymu	awgrymais
mynd	elem
yfed	yfodd o
teimlo	teimlan nhw
nyddu	nyddasoch
croesholi	croesholiech chi
cwyno	cwynaswn
cerdded	cerddit
ennill	enillen nhw
cadw	cadwith o
cadw	cadwyf
poeni	poenasech
mynd	aem
danfon	danfonasem
pydru	pydrwn
sefyll	safai fo
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennaf
ystyried	ystyriwch
dweud	dywedwn ni
cynnull	cynullech chi
canlyn	canlynaist
agor	agoront
coginio	coginiech chi
peidio	peidiaist
casáu	casâi fo
cynnau	cyneuasom
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywn ni
galw	galwa i
ciledrych	ciledrycher
ennill	enillasem
credu	credwch
gorffen	gorffennwn
taro	trewais
ymuno	ymunwn
coginio	coginiais
poeni	poena i
rhofio	rhofiwch
caru	caren nhw
prynu	prŷn
medru	medrer
diolch	diolcher
rhegi	rhega
smygu	smygi
edliw	edliwier
ffurfio	ffurfit
cysylltu	cysylltir
uno	unoch
cadw	cadwn
torri	torasai
cynnull	cynulli di
cloi	clônt
gafael	gafael
ysmygu	ysmygu
ymlacio	ymlaci di
stopio	stopiai fo
dangos	dangosai
rhwystro	rhwystrodd o
cyfrwyo	cyfrwywn
teithio	teithiont
dweud	dywedasai
cenhedlu	cenhedlwch
cilio	ciliasoch
addo	addawant
awgrymu	awgrymwn
coginio	coginiont
addysgu	addysgant
rhwygo	rhwygai fo
dysgu	dysgasoch
llosgi	llosgir
claddu	claddai
rhoi	rhoed
rhwystro	rhwystredig
llwyddo	llwyddan nhw
palu	palant
elwa	elwai
palu	palid
disgwyl	disgwyliant
treisio	treisien ni
digwydd	digwyddasem
claddu	claddais
prynu	prynech
cyrraedd	cyraeddasem
hoelio	hoelier
stopio	stopiasent
gwerthu	gwerthont
elwa	elwch
stopio	stopien nhw
plannu	planedig
penderfynu	penderfynasent
coelio	coeliwch chi
cynnwys	cynwysasant
croesholi	croesholi
pwyso	pwysen ni
ffurfio	ffurfia
golchi	golchi
cyfarfod	cyfarfydden nhw
croestorri	croestorrir
hoelio	hoeliaist ti
edliw	edliwiodd
ffurfio	ffurfir
ffurfio	ffurfiodd o
braenu	braenech
medru	medrasai
caru	cerych
llwyddo	llwydda
hofran	hofran
nyddu	nyddais i
condemnio	condemniwn
gwenu	gwenom
yfed	yfed
defnyddio	defnyddit
cofio	cofiasech
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenno
penderfynu	penderfynent
rhoi	rhoed
adolygu	adolygasem
loncian	loncioch
hudo	huden ni
cenhedlu	cenhedli di
bwyta	bwytawn
defnyddio	defnyddiom
bwrw	bwri di
swyno	swynwyf
annog	anoga i
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddaist ti
adolygu	adolygais i
anfon	anfoni di
defnyddio	defnyddiwn
gwenu	gwenon ni
rhoi	rhoes
galw	galwent
galw	gelwi
poeni	poenent
danfon	danfonasant
ymarfer	ymarferir
cynnau	cyneuet ti
plannu	plennwch
gwylio	gwyliasid
methu	methaist
cynnwys	cynhwysa
bwrw	bwriant
siafio	siafio
torri	torrent
lluddias	lluddi
dodi	dodaist ti
disgwyl	disgwylion nhw
ymweld	ymwêl
rhofio	rhofiais
croestorri	croestorrwyf
cusanu	cusan
coginio	coginiem
cwyno	cwynasom
cysylltu	cysylltais
difetha	difethaswn
anfon	anfonaist ti
iro	irwch
ffili	ffila
rhuthro	rhuthrwch
cynnull	cynullen nhw
canlyn	canlynen ni
elwa	elwom
sylwi	sylwen nhw
croestorri	croestorro
gorffen	gorffenasant
atal	ataliasent
adolygu	adolygent
dilyn	dilynwn ni
sefyll	safwyd
arwain	arweinient
disgwyl	disgwyliet ti
darllen	darllenon nhw
torri	torrech chi
ymlacio	ymlacion ni
disgyn	disgynwn ni
sylwi	sylwsent
anghofio	anghofiasid
nyddu	nyddais
treisio	treisiai fo
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwch
siarad	siaraded
ymuno	ymunon ni
hoelio	hoelia
ymweld	ymwelwch chi
loncian	lonciai fo
llyfu	llyfasom
ysu	ysaist ti
hofran	hofranwch chi
edliw	edliwiasech
canoli	canolaist ti
cynnig	cynigiwch
adolygu	adolygaist ti
syrthio	syrthid
dathlu	dathlodd o
anghofio	anghofiant
gafael	gafaelon ni
sgwrsio	sgwrsient
casáu	casaswn
croesholi	croesholi di
amau	ameuasech
torri	torrid
cynnwys	cynhwysem
deall	dealler
cloi	cloesom
dechrau	dechreuaswn
bwrw	bwrier
clywed	clywit
rhwystro	rhwystrit
pweru	pwerwn i
cofio	cofiet ti
canoli	canolan nhw
tybio	tybia
rhwygo	rhwygen ni
ymlacio	ymlaciai fo
cynnull	cynullwn ni
dangos	dangoswn
awgrymu	awgrymwch
mwynhau	mwynheaist
ceisio	ceisiont
gwrthod	gwrthodan nhw
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddith o
atal	atalet ti
galluogi	galluogith o
cofio	cofir
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddedig
sefyll	safwch chi
llyfu	llyf
cysylltu	cysyllti di
teimlo	teimler
annog	anogwn
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiech
anghofio	anghofiwn i
dweud	dywedon ni
rhwygo	rhwygwn i
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasem
pwyso	pwysi
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddoch
diolch	diolchasid
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyed
amau	amheuont
cymryd	cymerasid
cynnull	cynullon nhw
amau	amheuais i
cadw	cadwasant
teithio	teithiasant
cerdded	cerddwch
cynnwys	cynhwyswyd
ffurfio	ffurfiwn ni
medru	medron ni
casáu	casei
gadael	gadawsid
eistedd	eisteddith o
loncian	lonciwch
danfon	danfonet ti
anfon	anfona i
caru	cara i
ffili	ffilai fo
cofio	cofiwn ni
anfon	anfonir
sgwrsio	sgwrsiodd o
dangos	dangosaist
clymu	clymasech
cuddio	cuddio
arfer	arferech
iro	iront
claddu	claddwn
tacluso	taclusych
uno	uno
deall	deallwch chi
gwenu	gwenwyf
rhofio	rhofier
sylwi	sylwsant
croesi	croesai fo
aros	arhosent
cnuchio	cnuchiaist ti
croesholi	croesholasai
disgyn	disgyner
gwrthod	gwrthodont
codi	codi
croesi	croesi di
lluddias	lluddiaswn
rhuthro	rhuthrwn
ymlacio	ymlacier
yfed	yfodd
galluogi	galluogasom
braenu	braenon ni
darllen	darllenaf
cysylltu	cysylltu
cynnwys	cynhwysa i
medru	medrwch
cofio	cofiai fo
swyno	swynith o
hofran	hofranodd
disgwyl	disgwyliaist ti
addo	addawn ni
gweld	gwelai
gadael	gadawer
cysgu	cysgoch
ystyried	ystyriasem
penderfynu	penderfynaswn
dweud	dywedais i
gorchuddio	gorchuddio
deall	deallaf
danfon	danfonan nhw
lladd	lladdasid
syrthio	syrthit
swyno	swynasem
gorffen	gorffennych
sgwrsio	sgwrsied
darlunio	darlunia
gwenu	gwenet ti
ysu	ysasech
coginio	coginiwyd
achosi	achosodd o
torri	torron ni
ymarfer	ymarferwch
rhofio	rhofiaist
lladd	lladdasant
annog	anogen nhw
ffili	ffilent
cymryd	cymerir
ymlacio	ymlacien nhw
ymweld	ymwelom
plannu	plannwn
annog	anogwyf
rhwygo	rhwygon ni
condemnio	condemnier
gwlychu	gwlychen nhw
ffurfio	ffurfiaswn
dychwelyd	dychweli
defnyddio	defnyddiech
ymolchi	ymolchi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolaist ti
ceisio	ceisiedig
gwylio	gwylith o
sylwebu	sylwebwyd
sefyll	safwn
cynnwys	cynhwysaist ti
rhedeg	rhedant
ymweld	ymweloch
methu	methodd
cadw	cadwi di
anafu	anafwch
caru	carasem
gadael	gadewch
peidio	peidiaswn
eistedd	eisteddech
arwain	arweiniwn i
rhwygo	rhwygasem
anghofio	anghofied
teimlo	teimlasent
rhofio	rhofion ni
arfer	arfera i
rhoi	rhoesech
ystyried	ystyrier
gweld	gwelaf
hoelio	hoeliaist
mynd	aen nhw
ysmygu	ysmygai fo
ymarfer	ymarferasoch
adolygu	adolygir
gorchuddio	gorchuddia
gwenu	gwener
lleoli	lleolit
rhegi	rheg
torri	torrech
rhoi	rhoech
dodi	dodwn
rhwystro	rhwystra i
cynnull	cynullasent
hoelio	hoeliwch
dweud	dyweder
teithio	teithier
defnyddio	defnyddiwyd
ffili	ffilais i
cynnig	cynigia
sylwi	sylwodd o
ennill	enillasoch
dilyn	dilynoch
ymlacio	ymlacied
tybio	tybiasai
rhoi	rhôm
tacluso	taclusont
llanw	llenwi
condemnio	condemnit
cadw	cadwant
mynd	aech
ymlacio	ymlacit
swyno	swynaf
croeshoelio	croeshoeliasoch
dileu	dilëir
rhegi	rhegon nhw
amgyffred	amgyffreden ni
lluddias	lluddiasit
llanw	llanwyf
iro	ired
casáu	casáu
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenned
llanw	llanwasoch
lleoli	lleolasom
cuddio	cuddasant
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwn
anghofio	anghofient
taro	tery
cysgu	cysgit
golchi	golcha
ymlacio	ymlaciaf
ymddwyn	ymddygodd o
awgrymu	awgrymwn
cenhedlu	cenhedlodd o
lleoli	lleoloch chi
iro	iroch
rhoi	rhoddan nhw
cysylltu	cysylltwn i
cysgu	cysgwyd
niweidio	niweidiwn ni
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddid
cynnau	cyneuaist ti
ymddwyn	ymddygwn
agor	agorant
awgrymu	awgrymoch chi
mynd	aethech
treisio	treisier
rhwystro	rhwystrasech
swyno	swynont
parhau	parhawyf
amgyffred	amgyffredodd
sefyll	safwn
dychwelyd	dychwelent
loncian	lonciwyd
rhedeg	rhedaf
taro	trawent
coginio	coginiasom
addysgu	addysgith o
ciledrych	ciledrychom
anghofio	anghofiaf
parhau	parhasit
peidio	peidiasoch
sefyll	safen nhw
ffili	ffilwn
mynd	ei di
cusanu	cusani di
pydru	pydren nhw
cysylltu	cysyllta
rhwygo	rhwygem
ffurfio	ffurfio
lladd	lladder
methu	metho
cwyno	cwynir
hudo	hudasit
ysmygu	ysmygont
canu	canont
defnyddio	defnyddiwch
pydru	pydrasit
ffili	ffilo
mynd	aeth
gallu	gallu
amgyffred	amgyffredwyf
iro	irasit
ysmygu	ysmygoch
medru	medrwyf
gafael	gafaeli
clymu	clymais i
bwrw	bwriaf
dileu	dilewch chi
clywed	clywn i
ennill	enillent
digwydd	digwydd
cysgu	cwsg
peidio	peidion nhw
smygu	smygi di
ciledrych	ciledrycha i
gallu	gallent
talu	talon ni
aros	arhosodd
edliw	edliwit
adolygu	adolygedig
gadael	gadawsai
sylwebu	sylwebedig
siarad	siaradoch chi
teimlo	teimlych
tacluso	taclusa
pwyso	pwyswn i
methu	methem
arwain	arweiniasant
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddais
darlunio	darlunia
poeni	poeni di
ymolchi	ymolchaist
adolygu	adolygith o
dileu	dileer
disgyn	disgynwn i
teimlo	teimlech
disgwyl	disgwylion ni
ystyried	ystyriwch chi
disgyn	disgynwyf
addysgu	addysgon ni
digwydd	digwyddasent
syrthio	syrthioch chi
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddaist
dilyn	dilynasoch
dysgu	dysgasant
cuddio	cuddet ti
claddu	claddasent
hofran	hofranaswn
ymarfer	ymarferwyd
cynnwys	cynhwyson ni
cynnig	cynigiasit
ymddwyn	ymddygasai
coginio	coginio
cyfieithu	cyfieithon nhw
galw	galwaf
ymolchi	ymolchais
treisio	treisit
sylwi	sylwswn
poeni	poenid
gwerthu	gwertha
annog	anogon ni
llyfu	llyfwch
amau	amheuent
clywed	clywch
hoelio	hoelia i
braenu	braenwch
ymuno	ymunaf
clywed	clywaist ti
gwerthu	gwerthai fo
ceisio	ceisiasem
croesi	croesiedig
addysgu	addysgai
llenydda	llenyddech chi
dodi	dodet ti
loncian	lonciais
braenu	braenasoch
difetha	difethent
ceisio	ceisioch chi
claddu	cladda
colli	collith o
meddwl	meddyliasom
stopio	stopiasem
crynu	cryna
ysmygu	ysmygwn
edliw	edliwiai
ymddwyn	ymddygon ni
torri	torasom
cynnau	cynnau
cynnwys	cynwysasech
penderfynu	penderfynasit
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennai
adwthio	adwthi di
addysgu	addysgwn
addo	addawsent
awgrymu	awgrymasem
niweidio	niweidiech
ysu	ysech chi
palu	palont
cerdded	cerddais i
digwydd	digwydda
caru	carwn
dilyn	dilynan nhw
annog	anogi di
gofyn	gofynner
digwydd	digwyddasant
agor	egyr
smygu	smygasent
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoled
codi	codasai
canu	cana
peidio	peidiais i
cerdded	cerddasid
pydru	pydrent
codi	codaf
darparu	darparer
anfon	anfonom
torri	torrom
cusanu	cusanwn i
arwain	arweiniai
methu	methais i
gallu	gallodd o
nyddu	nyddedig
amau	amau
rhoi	rhoent
gallu	gallon nhw
ymuno	ymunai fo
peidio	peidiwch
stopio	stopiaswn
mwynhau	mwynhewch
arfer	arferon nhw
atal	atalier
teithio	teithio
penderfynu	penderfynant
amgyffred	amgyffred
agor	agoron nhw
gwenu	gwenaist ti
addo	addawet ti
lleoli	lleolent
peidio	peidion ni
gorchuddio	gorchuddia
gadael	gadawais i
prynu	prynech chi
rhuthro	rhuthrais
ymarfer	ymarferet ti
dangos	dangosen ni
dechrau	dechreuwch
ennill	enillwch
sefyll	sefyll
arfer	arferith o
cwyno	cwyned
torri	torrwn i
ymarfer	ymarferom
digwydd	digwyddan nhw
rhwystro	rhwystrwch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolen nhw
golchi	golchodd o
pydru	pydrasid
loncian	lonciont
taro	trawsai
mwynhau	mwynheuan nhw
colli	collasech
talu	tala
uno	unodd
gorffen	gorffenedig
arwain	arweiniom
cymryd	cymerodd
loncian	lonciais i
sefyll	safet ti
golchi	golchen nhw
croesholi	croesholia
ymolchi	ymolchoch
parhau	parhaswn
tybio	tybiech
arfer	arferai fo
ymddwyn	ymddygasoch
ysmygu	ysmygwyf
bwyta	bwytânt
ceisio	ceisiodd o
croesholi	croesholech
dychwelyd	dychwelon ni
tacluso	taclusent
yfed	yfai
amau	amheuwn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrdder
pwyso	pwysasech
rhofio	rhofiai fo
ciledrych	ciledrychant
plannu	plennaist
pwyso	pwysasid
ceisio	ceisian nhw
lladd	lladdit
llosgi	llosgon nhw
gadael	gadawsem
teithio	teithiai
gorchuddio	gorchuddiwyf
dychwelyd	dychwelasant
ffili	ffilasit
poeni	poenwn ni
gweld	gwelais i
cuddio	cuddasom
gwrthod	gwrthodais
cysylltu	cysyllton nhw
cerdded	cerddon ni
agor	agorech
dilyn	dilynen nhw
caru	caro
penderfynu	penderfynont
coelio	coelied
awgrymu	awgrymid
hedfan	hedfaner
ffurfio	ffurfiodd
dweud	dywedasant
rhuthro	rhuthrent
ymuno	ymuna
cysgu	cysgwch chi
braenu	braenasid
digwydd	digwyddom
taro	trawyd
terfynu	terfynoch chi
dweud	dywedon nhw
pydru	pydra i
disgyn	disgynaist ti
difetha	difethen ni
gwenu	gwenedig
galluogi	galluogant
ymuno	ymuna
awgrymu	awgrymo
digwydd	digwydden ni
difetha	difethent
cusanu	cusanet ti
agor	agorir
addysgu	addysgent
cnuchio	cnuchiech chi
galluogi	galluoger
dileu	dileech
deall	deallit
gallu	galledig
syrthio	syrthia
cuddio	cuddych
codi	coden nhw
canlyn	canlynodd o
taro	trawodd
ysu	ysaist
cynnig	cynigiai fo
rhodio	rhodioch
colli	colla i
claddu	claddai fo
ysu	ysan nhw
tacluso	tacluswch
rhofio	rhofiwn
ymuno	ymunom
prynu	pryned
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwn
dodi	doded
ymlacio	ymlaciwyd
teimlo	teimlwch chi
ysbrydoli	ysbrydola
llyfu	llyfwn
crynu	crynet ti
niweidio	niweidiwch
condemnio	condemnioch chi
sgwrsio	sgwrsith o
pweru	pwerith o
ymolchi	ymolchoch chi
palu	palen nhw
dilyn	dilynwyf
tacluso	taclusaf
gwrthod	gwrthodasai
yfed	yf
cenhedlu	cenhedlo
smygu	smygwch chi
palu	paled
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasech
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwyf
ymuno	ymunaist
golchi	golchoch chi
gorchuddio	gorchuddion nhw
ysmygu	ysmygasem
ysu	ysodd
lleoli	lleolon ni
cysylltu	cysylltet ti
siarad	siaradit
prynu	prynith o
teithio	teithiais
sylwi	sylwaist ti
ffili	ffilech
niweidio	niweidiem
condemnio	condemniwch
galw	galwodd
medru	medrer
ymlacio	ymlaciasem
gwlychu	gwlychwn i
dangos	dangosir
atal	ataliasid
sgwrsio	sgwrsiant
mwynhau	mwynhei
caledu	caledech chi
smygu	smygasid
torri	torrwch
bwyta	bwytodd o
gallu	gellais
darparu	darparwyd
cilio	ciliais i
nyddu	nyddwch chi
rhwystro	rhwystrom
ysmygu	ysmygwn i
caru	carodd o
rhwystro	rhwystrasom
canlyn	canlynasom
credu	credon nhw
teithio	teithiwch chi
caru	cara
rhoi	rhoi
amgyffred	amgyffredwyd
braenu	braenwn ni
anghofio	anghofid
pydru	pydrem
ystyried	ystyri
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoler
yfed	yfant
disgwyl	disgwyliwn i
poeni	poenet ti
cynnau	cyneuwch
syrthio	syrthien nhw
cynnig	cynigian nhw
teithio	teithid
disgyn	disgynais i
rhuthro	rhuthrasid
cynnull	cynullwyd
braenu	braener
arwain	arweinion ni
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwn
cysgu	cysgasoch
dysgu	dysgem
rhuthro	rhuthra
cofio	cofiwn
croesi	croesier
caru	carwch chi
ceisio	ceisien ni
ymuno	ymunech
edliw	edliwir
arfer	arferwch
cysylltu	cysylltasom
pwyso	pwysai
penderfynu	penderfynodd o
cofio	cofiodd
rhwystro	rhwystren nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedlent
coginio	coginith o
pwyso	pwysasoch
mwynhau	mwynhawn
tacluso	taclusaist ti
sylwebu	sylwebwch
meddwl	meddyliwn i
claddu	claddwch
cymryd	cymeron nhw
difetha	difethem
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiwch
lleihau	lleihent
syrthio	syrthier
nyddu	nyddasem
gwenu	gwenych
deall	deallodd
darparu	darparwn
hedfan	hedfanasom
siarad	siaradaist ti
ceisio	ceisiech chi
anghofio	anghofia i
cysgu	cysgai
anghofio	anghofion nhw
defnyddio	defnyddiont
parhau	parhasoch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolem
clymu	clyment
amgyffred	amgyffrededig
caru	carer
rhegi	rhegasent
ennill	ennill
dodi	dododd o
llyfu	llyfych
torri	torrais i
diolch	diolchon ni
rhwystro	rhwystrech
dychwelyd	dychwelaswn
lluddias	lluddion nhw
gwerthu	gwerthwn ni
dangos	dangosem
rhegi	rheged
teimlo	teimlwn i
addysgu	addysgwyf
sefyll	safais
cymryd	cymeraist ti
canu	canai fo
addysgu	addysga
rhwystro	rhwystrwn i
ysmygu	ysmyga
elwa	elwch chi
tacluso	taclusen ni
dangos	dangoset ti
hudo	hudai
arfer	arferet ti
lluddias	lluddioch chi
swyno	swynwyd
dangos	dangosid
sylwi	sylwn
ymddwyn	ymddygwch
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddont
ennill	enillent
clywed	clywa
rhuthro	rhuthra
plannu	plannen nhw
loncian	loncia
dangos	dangoswch chi
parhau	parhei
dilyn	dilynant
pydru	pydrer
cysylltu	cysylltid
ceisio	ceisiasit
cynnig	cynigiasoch
cysgu	cysgan nhw
gorchuddio	gorchuddiasech
cymryd	cymerith o
llosgi	llosgwn
golchi	golchet ti
gwario	gwaria i
dilyn	dilynent
poeni	poenon nhw
parhau	parhâi
ymlacio	ymlaciem
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolent
golchi	golchasech
cwyno	cwyn
awgrymu	awgrymoch
atal	atalaist ti
gofyn	gofynnwyd
cusanu	cusanasent
annog	anogai
rhwystro	rhwystron nhw
mynd	a i
ymddwyn	ymddygwn i
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddaf
crynu	crynasent
gwerthu	gwerthent
hudo	hudaist
ymarfer	ymarferai fo
ystyried	ystyria i
anfon	enfyn
deall	deallwn ni
gallu	gallent
gwylio	gwyliasit
rhofio	rhofied
coginio	coginid
eistedd	eisteddont
cymryd	cymerodd o
niweidio	niweidiais i
marchogaeth	marchogwch
gwerthu	gwerthasid
atal	ateliech
gwenu	gwenen nhw
clymu	clyma
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddwyd
caledu	caledai fo
palu	palwn
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwyf
pwyso	pwysedig
torri	torra i
gweld	gwelsai
gafael	gafaelasech
ymlacio	ymlaciont
cerdded	cerddai
ceisio	ceisioch
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddwn i
cwyno	cwynais
llyfu	llyfasant
defnyddio	defnyddien ni
disgyn	disgynon ni
dweud	dywedaist
loncian	lonciwn
smygu	smygwyf
gwylio	gwylioch
swyno	swynasid
medru	medraist ti
colli	collom
colli	collais i
siarad	siarader
deall	deallaist ti
talu	telid
pydru	pydrwn i
uno	unaswn
plannu	planasom
llenydda	llenyddwn ni
ymuno	ymunaist ti
colli	collit
lleoli	lleolen ni
sefyll	safer
palu	paler
cusanu	cusenwch
dilyn	dilynom
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddodd
galluogi	galluoga i
anfon	anfonai fo
dilyn	dilynasit
teimlo	teimlasai
mwynhau	mwynheuwch
hoelio	hoeliant
llwyddo	llwyddwn ni
penderfynu	penderfynem
colli	collasid
palu	palaf
talu	talai
anfon	anfonwch
ymweld	ymweled
atal	ateliaist
prynu	prynet ti
sefyll	safwyf
claddu	claddasom
amau	amheuon ni
gwylio	gwyliasai
achosi	achosan nhw
ysmygu	ysmygent
poeni	poeni
palu	palet ti
arwain	arweiniais
loncian	loncient
rhofio	rhofi
cynnull	cynullasech
tacluso	taclusoch chi
ciledrych	ciledrychan nhw
cenhedlu	cenhedlasid
atal	ataliasai
dweud	dweud
eistedd	eisteddwn ni
syrthio	syrthiais
diolch	diolchwch
ymarfer	ymarferon ni
darlunio	darluniedig
colli	collaist ti
mwynhau	mwynhasant
disgwyl	disgwylient
cadw	cedwid
difetha	difethai
defnyddio	defnyddier
deall	deallo
gwylio	gwyliwn ni
palu	palent
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddech chi
arwain	arweiniwn ni
cynnwys	cynwysasai
ymddwyn	ymddygwn
treisio	treisioch
annog	anogi
darllen	darllenwyf
difetha	difethai fo
dilyn	dilyno
addysgu	addysgoch
anghofio	anghofioch
gwerthu	gwerthais
adwthio	adwthion nhw
danfon	danfonaist ti
gwrthod	gwrthoden nhw
amnewid	amnewida i
cenhedlu	cenhedloch
cilio	ciliech
cysylltu	cysylltodd o
caru	caru
gwerthu	gwerthasech
gadael	gadawent
amau	ameuasent
llosgi	llosg
caru	carai
canoli	canolai fo
cuddio	cudded
cnuchio	cnuchiwn ni
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasem
amgyffred	amgyffreder
gofyn	gofynnwn
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasem
galluogi	galluogasem
anfon	anfonwch chi
lleoli	lleolych
cloi	cloon nhw
torri	toredigtoradwy
ysu	ysasant
hudo	hudasant
rhuthro	rhuthra
plannu	plannai fo
llenydda	llenyddasech
coelio	coeliom
cenhedlu	cenhedlen ni
stopio	stopiem
ymweld	ymweler
dychwelyd	dychweloch
croesi	croesient
darparu	darparech
darparu	darparwn ni
dechrau	dechreuasent
braenu	braenaist ti
rhegi	rheget ti
methu	metha
palu	palem
cynnig	cynigier
ymlacio	ymlaciasant
edliw	edliwiom
cynnull	cynullom
cenhedlu	cenhedlom
addysgu	addysga
methu	methais
cynnwys	cynhwysodd
yfed	yfwyd
caledu	caledodd o
cuddio	cuddwch
meddwl	meddyliedig
ymolchi	ymolchen ni
disgwyl	disgwyli di
dychwelyd	dychwelwch chi
galw	galwer
dangos	dangosasid
caledu	caledon nhw
siafio	siafit
dileu	dilewn
galw	gelwaist
prynu	prynwn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyem
darparu	darpari di
hofran	hofran
dysgu	dysgech
canu	canu
pwyso	pwyswyf
hedfan	hedfanem
clymu	clymwch
methu	methych
ysu	yswyf
gwerthu	gwerthwn
cysgu	cysgen nhw
claddu	claddaist ti
aros	arosasoch
sgwrsio	sgwrsiwn
llwyddo	llwyddi di
mynd	ait
adolygu	adolygasit
cusanu	cusanwyf
cysgu	cysgir
ciledrych	ciledrychasant
cerdded	cerddaist ti
difetha	difethaf
llenydda	llenyddaf
mynd	êl
clymu	clymaist ti
ymweld	ymweli
defnyddio	defnyddion ni
rhwygo	rhwygai
smygu	smyger
ffili	ffilasoch
uno	unoch chi
dweud	dyweda
rhwystro	rhwystraswn
elwa	elwid
darlunio	darlunian nhw
darllen	darlleni di
eistedd	eisteddoch chi
iro	ira
cusanu	cusana
gofyn	gofynnoch
gorffen	gorffenasom
hedfan	hedfanaf
cloi	cloesech
braenu	braenet ti
prynu	prynem
awgrymu	awgrymaswn
cymryd	cymerai
dodi	dodasit
palu	palit
casáu	casân nhw
taro	trawit
cilio	ciliwn
palu	palwch
rhuthro	rhuthrai fo
darlunio	darluniech
galw	galwasai
cofio	cofiai
siafio	siafiaf
digwydd	digwyddech
parhau	parhaech
dilyn	dilynent
amgyffred	amgyffredi di
croesi	croesi
galluogi	galluogech chi
arwain	arweiniedig
croesi	croesiech
pwyso	pwyser
torri	torren ni
loncian	loncir
casáu	casaest ti
siarad	siaradasai
ffurfio	ffurfiwn i
uno	unech
anghofio	anghofiwn
methu	methai
tacluso	taclusan nhw
dysgu	dysgwch chi
annog	anogom
loncian	lonciech
cadw	cadwent
terfynu	terfynen ni
arwain	arweinir
darparu	darparwch
gwylio	gwylient
aros	arhosaist
ceisio	ceisiwn i
cymryd	cymerwn
condemnio	condemnion ni
mwynhau	mwynhaodd
anfon	anfoni
croesholi	croesholaist
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenasant
ymolchi	ymolchaf
coelio	coelia
ymolchi	ymolchi
llenydda	llenyddi di
cynnau	cyneuith o
ymlacio	ymlacia
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennir
aros	arhosa i
dileu	dilea
cymryd	cymerwch
poeni	poenoch chi
cysgu	cysgasem
gweld	gwela
nyddu	nyddai
ymolchi	ymolchir
casáu	casaech chi
meddwl	meddyliech chi
galluogi	galluoger
ymuno	ymunwn ni
marchogaeth	marchoga
atal	ataliem
galw	galwn
rhodio	rhodier
ffurfio	ffurfioch chi
cyfarfod	cyfarfydda
rhodio	rhodiasant
rhoi	rhoch
dilyn	dilynaist
methu	methech
gallu	gallem
sylwebu	sylwebit
cnuchio	cnuchioch chi
ymuno	ymunen ni
clymu	clymasit
sylwebu	sylwebai
aros	aros
anafu	anafais i
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddais i
smygu	smygwn i
sgwrsio	sgwrsiasai
ymweld	ymwelent
sylwi	sylwer
addo	addawswn
casáu	casasech
caru	carasant
cynnig	cynigien nhw
syrthio	syrthian nhw
terfynu	terfynon ni
gofyn	gofynnai
poeni	poenent
gwlychu	gwlychech
ffili	ffili
arwain	arweinia i
croesi	croesiodd
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolai fo
dilyn	dilyni di
hoelio	hoelir
golchi	golchwch
cuddio	cuddasai
claddu	claddasant
poeni	poenem
pwyso	pwysaf
caru	carwn
cenhedlu	cenhedlwn
siarad	siarado
hoelio	hoeliais
disgyn	disgynai fo
braenu	braenwyd
llosgi	llosgent
elwa	elwn i
annog	anogent
gadael	gadawn
sylwi	sylwn
clymu	clymid
gwerthu	gwerthan nhw
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwn
elwa	elwsid
rhodio	rhodiasit
anfon	anfonwch
pwyso	pwysed
gorffen	gorffennai fo
croestorri	croestoredig
sylwi	sylwir
ysu	ysi
bwrw	bwriem
llenydda	llenydd
torri	torrir
credu	credon ni
cusanu	cusanwch
bwrw	bwriai fo
cynnig	cynigiaswn
lleoli	lleolwch
pwyso	pwysais i
arfer	arferasant
medru	medrant
cynnig	cynigiant
arfer	arferaf
ymddwyn	ymddygoch
coginio	coginion ni
gweld	gwelem
braenu	braener
loncian	loncient
teimlo	teimlwyd
marchogaeth	marchogech chi
gwenu	gwenwn ni
agor	agorwyf
agor	agorasid
stopio	stopiais
anfon	anfonech chi
talu	telir
rhegi	rhegi
lladd	lladdom
rhedeg	rhedasech
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasit
dweud	dywedodd
cyrraedd	cyrhaedden ni
anfon	anfonwn
digwydd	digwyddit
caru	carwyd
adolygu	adolygais
clymu	clymwn
palu	palasoch
uno	unais i
ffurfio	ffurfi di
siarad	siaradi di
ceisio	ceisiwch
galluogi	galluogaswn
croesholi	croesholont
plannu	plannan nhw
ymweld	ymwela
cloi	clown ni
cilio	ciliais
hedfan	hedfanen nhw
swyno	swynodd o
cadw	cadwch
amau	amheuent
galw	gelwid
ciledrych	ciledrychasom
dychwelyd	dychwelodd
niweidio	niweidiasoch
llanw	llenwir
cynnig	cynigiech
gadael	gadawsech
dychwelyd	dychwel
galluogi	galluogen ni
llenydda	llenyddon nhw
braenu	braenant
credu	credwn i
darllen	darllenasoch
uno	unen nhw
adolygu	adolygwch chi
anafu	anafaist ti
braenu	braena i
medru	medrom
ymweld	ymwela i
gorffen	gorffennwch
gwylio	gwyliasom
aros	arhosem
gallu	galler
lleihau	lleiasech
crynu	crynen nhw
syrthio	syrthir
croesi	croeson nhw
swyno	swynasai
croesi	croesiwn
diolch	diolchwch chi
amau	ameuasid
gwerthu	gwerthaist ti
hedfan	hedfanasant
cynnau	cyneuai
gorffen	gorffennen ni
difetha	difethir
hoelio	hoelien nhw
medru	medrasant
siafio	siafiont
pwyso	pwysasai
rhwygo	rhwygo
marchogaeth	marchogaeth
peidio	peidith o
atal	ataliwyd
croesholi	croesholais
ymarfer	ymarferoch chi
cusanu	cusanit
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddais i
llanw	llanwasit
diolch	diolchai fo
palu	palon ni
clymu	clymont
dechrau	dechreuent
ffili	ffilem
prynu	prynont
cynnull	cynullont
cynnig	cynigiom
ymuno	ymunith o
parhau	parhawn
sylwi	sylwid
gwrthod	gwrthodon nhw
danfon	danfonych
croesholi	croesholasit
dileu	dilewyf
dychwelyd	dychwelech
hudo	hudon ni
cymryd	cymeraswn
swyno	swynoch chi
condemnio	condemniais
bwrw	bwrient
casáu	casawyd
cysgu	cysgedig
torri	torrer
pydru	pydrasent
gadael	gadawet ti
llwyddo	llwyddoch chi
iro	ira i
niweidio	niweidiwn
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasant
cuddio	cuddwyd
peidio	peidiasant
cenhedlu	cenhedlasant
treisio	treisiwch
ymlacio	ymlacia i
prynu	prynych
gorchuddio	gorchuddiais i
dweud	dywedwn
cwyno	cwynant
casáu	casaer
rhedeg	rhedodd o
cyfieithu	cyfieithai fo
ymolchi	ymolchodd
teithio	teithiasom
ystyried	ystyriodd
ysmygu	ysmygaist
ystyried	ystyriais i
peidio	peidioch
smygu	smygych
clymu	clymer
lluddias	lluddied
hoelio	hoeliasant
ymweld	ymwelasit
cynnull	cynuller
dechrau	dechreuid
niweidio	niweidiai
gallu	gallit
gwrthod	gwrthodasid
gwerthu	gwertho
gofyn	gofynasid
galw	galwed
darparu	darparid
rhofio	rhofia i
gwrthod	gwrthododd o
bwyta	bwytaedig
croesholi	croesholwyd
anafu	anafon ni
glawio	glawian nhw
ymddwyn	ymddygwch chi
nyddu	nyddant
meddwl	meddylia i
dangos	dangoswyd
rhoi	rhoent
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyodd o
cloi	cloaf
aros	arhosit
canu	canasai
hoelio	hoeliodd
cyfnewid	cyfnewidi
penderfynu	penderfynen ni
llwyddo	llwydden ni
adwthio	adwthien ni
gofyn	gofyn
cymryd	cymerent
caru	cared
addo	addawn
iro	iran nhw
syrthio	syrthiasid
methu	methoch chi
cynnull	cynnull
gadael	gadawem
disgwyl	disgwylith o
amau	ameuasant
arfer	arferan nhw
darllen	darllenet ti
sylwi	sylwaf
sylwebu	sylwebais
addo	addawn
rhofio	rhofiai
plannu	plannaist ti
torri	torri
croeshoelio	croeshoeliet ti
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyais i
gweld	gwelom
croeshoelio	croeshoelid
meddwl	meddylith o
amau	amheua
addysgu	addysgwch
cloi	cloych
coginio	coginiasech
medru	medrech chi
gofyn	gofynasom
gorffen	gorffennoch
smygu	smygant
cysylltu	cysylltwyf
annog	anoger
arfer	arferasem
clywed	clywn ni
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolais i
clywed	clywant
cymryd	cymerwn ni
awgrymu	awgrymych
condemnio	condemnied
lluddias	lluddiant
awgrymu	awgrymaist ti
meddwl	meddyliasem
rhwystro	rhwystra
ffili	ffilont
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddodd o
pasio	pasiodd o
ystyried	ystyria
clywed	clywir
awgrymu	awgrymer
yfed	yfwyf
gwerthu	gwerthoch chi
rhedeg	rhedwn ni
difetha	difethasant
bwrw	bwrw
tacluso	taclusaist
plannu	plannwyf
cerdded	cerddwn
gorchuddio	gorchuddioch chi
dweud	dywedych
llenydda	llenyddir
anghofio	anghofiedig
rhoi	rhoem
ymuno	ymunir
sylwi	sylwer
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasid
croestorri	croestorasent
mynd	mynd
loncian	lonciasoch
galw	galwit
ymddwyn	ymddygaist
galw	galwch
ennill	enillo
canlyn	canlynasant
clymu	clymom
clywed	clywsant
galluogi	galluoga
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolaist
cysylltu	cysyllta
methu	methwn
ystyried	ystyrith o
rhedeg	rhedon ni
poeni	poenwn i
cofio	cofian nhw
llosgi	llosgoch chi
gofyn	gofynnem
ymolchi	ymolchet ti
dychwelyd	dychwelo
rhofio	rhofiasem
eistedd	eisteddwch
dychwelyd	dychwela i
hofran	hofranasai
lleihau	lleiaswn
tacluso	tacluswch chi
llenydda	llenyddaswn
llosgi	llosga i
ennill	enillwn ni
gadael	gadawodd
canlyn	canlynit
llosgi	llosgasech
coelio	coeliaf
casáu	casaoch chi
ennill	enillech chi
claddu	claddem
codi	codwch
mwynhau	mwynhau
darparu	darparem
amgyffred	amgyffredai fo
ffili	ffilwyd
cloi	cloem
terfynu	terfyni di
cloi	cloais i
disgyn	disgyn
cofio	cofiem
croesholi	croesholasant
coginio	coginiasant
hudo	hudwch
cynnig	cynigiasai
darlunio	darlunio
llosgi	llosgi di
addo	addawai fo
defnyddio	defnyddiaswn
addysgu	addysgaist
peidio	peidied
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiont
bwrw	bwriedig
annog	anogwn ni
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddent
cyfarfod	cyfarfyddai fo
dechrau	dechreuasant
niweidio	niweidion nhw
llyfu	llyfasent
awgrymu	awgrymom
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwn
methu	methwn ni
crynu	crynent
addysgu	addysga
ysmygu	ysmygasoch
cerdded	cerddwn ni
mynd	aet ti
cynnau	cyneua
meddwl	meddylient
annog	anogai fo
llenydda	llenyddan nhw
rhegi	rhegasech
canlyn	canlynent
pasio	pasi di
loncian	lonciwn
loncian	lonci di
gwrthod	gwrthodaist ti
treisio	treisiwch chi
swyno	swynent
addysgu	addysgwn
hofran	hofranych
defnyddio	defnyddian nhw
cadw	cadwem
poeni	poenaist
syrthio	syrthiont
yfed	yfai fo
golchi	golchech chi
annog	anogaist ti
claddu	claddasech
ciledrych	ciledrychych
bwyta	bwytaswn
croeshoelio	croeshoeliech
mynd	aent
dilyn	dilynwch chi
arfer	arferwn i
cuddio	cudda i
mwynhau	mwynhaswn
codi	codwyf
eistedd	eisteddech chi
gallu	gallan nhw
dysgu	dysgych
lluddias	lluddiwyf
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwch
coginio	coginiwch
gwerthu	gwerthwch chi
nyddu	nyddom
glawio	glawiodd o
tybio	tybiwn
colli	colloch chi
meddwl	meddyliwch
ymweld	ymwêl
gweld	gweli
ymolchi	ymolcher
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenna
poeni	poenom
uno	unwch
meddwl	meddylioch chi
lladd	lladdant
anghofio	anghofia
rhofio	rhofith o
sylwi	sylwsit
cenhedlu	cenhedlwch
cuddio	cuddaist ti
cynnig	cynigiwn i
rhoi	rhodda i
gwlychu	gwlychom
ceisio	ceisiasant
disgyn	disgynont
croesi	croesiasent
dodi	dodwn ni
llwyddo	llwyddai fo
croeshoelio	croeshoelient
deall	deallais i
gorffen	gorffennir
rhofio	rhofier
croestorri	croestorrwch chi
lleoli	lleolais
dodi	dodit
ceisio	cais
loncian	lonciaist
glawio	glawith o
mynd	ewch chi
ymweld	ymwelont
colli	collid
condemnio	condemnion nhw
atal	atelid
coelio	coeliasem
addysgu	addysgwn ni
hudo	hudwch
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolwch chi
golchi	golcher
claddu	claddid
defnyddio	defnyddiasom
pasio	pasion nhw
syrthio	syrthiwn i
lluddias	lluddiwch
llenydda	llenyddasit
deall	deall
terfynu	terfyna
amau	amheuo
yfed	yfais
yfed	yfwch
hedfan	hedfanwyf
anghofio	anghofiasech
teimlo	teimlais
cysylltu	cysyllted
dangos	dangosodd o
addysgu	addysgont
dweud	dyweda i
darparu	darparasech
uno	unais
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddaf
aros	arhoso
uno	unwn i
colli	collasem
lleihau	lleiasant
niweidio	niweidi di
cysgu	cysgent
galw	galwn i
dychwelyd	dychwelodd o
medru	medrent
amgyffred	amgyffredith o
canlyn	canlyner
llyfu	llyfwyd
bwrw	bwriwn
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddont
cusanu	cusanon nhw
dileu	dileaist
rhuthro	rhuthrech chi
cwyno	cwynent
gafael	gafaela i
croeshoelio	croeshoeli di
ystyried	ystyrioch
anfon	anfonent
hudo	hudasid
claddu	claddais i
niweidio	niweidiasid
lleihau	lleihoch
braenu	braenaswn
rhedeg	rhedasem
atal	atali di
addo	addawedig
claddu	claddasit
ymolchi	ymolchant
cysgu	cysgen ni
ymddwyn	ymddygwch
disgyn	disgyna i
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddasent
crynu	cryni di
ymweld	ymwelasoch
ymuno	ymuna
disgyn	disgynwch
meddwl	meddwl
stopio	stopion ni
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennit
dileu	dilei di
edliw	edliw
medru	medroch chi
sylwi	sylwn
yfed	yfet ti
aros	arhosom
atal	ataliant
penderfynu	penderfynasant
ymweld	ymwelant
gorffen	gorffenned
cysgu	cysgais
dechrau	dechrau
gwerthu	gwerthir
colli	collet ti
arwain	arweinit
pydru	pydrych
pwyso	pwysem
gallu	galloch chi
cyfieithu	cyfieithwch
coginio	coginien nhw
dechrau	dechreuwn i
penderfynu	penderfynet ti
gwario	gwaria
coginio	coginir
canlyn	canlynith o
poeni	poenont
teimlo	teimlir
cynnwys	cynhwyswn
gwrthod	gwrthodwch chi
ymarfer	ymarferit
ymddwyn	ymddyger
gallu	gallasai
pydru	pydrwyf
gwlychu	gwlychent
ysmygu	ysmygent
cloi	clown
amau	amheuoch chi
adwthio	adwthiodd o
terfynu	terfynu
caru	ceri
gwrthod	gwrthodwyd
gafael	gafaelai fo
cynnau	cyneuent
ymddwyn	ymddygoch chi
canlyn	canlynoch
hofran	hofranen nhw
smygu	smygoch chi
nyddu	nyddwch
cynnull	cynullid
amau	amheuech chi
lluddias	lluddiai
darparu	darparwyf
golchi	golchir
arwain	arweiniwn
darllen	darllenai fo
rhegi	rhegaist ti
ymarfer	ymarferwch
pwyso	pwysent
cerdded	cerddasem
syrthio	syrthient
rhofio	rhofiech
golchi	golchi
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiasoch
loncian	loncioch chi
ystyried	ystyriwn
rhegi	rhegwch
rhoi	rhôi
yfed	yfasid
edliw	edliwiasem
glawio	glawiech chi
defnyddio	defnyddid
rhedeg	rhedais
gwrthod	gwrthodem
pwyso	pwysent
rhedeg	rhedasid
ciledrych	ciledrychem
cloi	cloed
deall	dealli
ysu	yswch chi
gwlychu	gwlychodd
dechrau	dechrau
rhegi	rhegit
golchi	golchwch
gwlychu	gwlychwyf
ceisio	ceisiasoch
stopio	stopia
ysgrifennu	ysgrifennwn
cynnull	cynullwyf
caledu	caledi di
ymuno	ymunedig
meddwl	meddyli
credu	credwn ni
gwrthod	gwrthodon ni
ysmygu	ysmygwch
bwrw	bwriwyd
gafael	gafaelodd o
iro	irith o
cilio	cilit
croeshoelio	croeshoelion nhw
ymlacio	ymlacient
dechrau	dechreuer
sgwrsio	sgwrsien nhw
aros	arhosid
darlunio	darluniai fo
cymryd	cymerit
smygu	smygit
rhuthro	rhuthrent
canlyn	canlynais
claddu	claddet ti
agor	agor
lleihau	lleiha
dangos	dangosom
bwyta	bwytasant
claddu	cladder
mynd	dos
cloi	cloant
rhegi	rhegasit
ysmygu	ysmygych
annog	anogon nhw
aros	arhosont
nyddu	nydda i
hedfan	hedfanwyd
gafael	gafaelen ni
dysgu	dysged
golchi	golchais
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoloch
llosgi	llosgont
sylwebu	sylwebith o
golchi	golchent
meddwl	meddyliont
mwynhau	mwynhawn
cilio	cilio
anfon	anfon
gwlychu	gwlychasom
danfon	danfonasoch
disgyn	disgynasom
treisio	treisiasoch
canu	canen nhw
palu	palwch
rhwygo	rhwygwch chi
hoelio	hoeliasem
hudo	hudont
diolch	diolchen nhw
dysgu	dysgoch
cymryd	cymerasem
cysylltu	cysylltasant
rhoi	rhoddedig
aros	arosasit
bwrw	bwriaist ti
croesholi	croesholien nhw
gweld	gwelwn
colli	collech chi
methu	methaf
casáu	casao
aros	arhosith o
talu	talai fo
ysu	yswn ni
ysmygu	ysmygais i
elwa	elwer
danfon	danfoni di
cadw	cadwaswn
dychwelyd	dychwela
anfon	anfonen nhw
ymddwyn	ymddygwyd
defnyddio	defnyddiai
disgwyl	disgwylit
dileu	dilei
eistedd	eisteddasent
arfer	arferaist ti
rhofio	rhofiont
cyfrwyo	cyfrwyasoch
talu	talwn i
uno	uner
cynnig	cynigiodd
achosi	achoswn i
ymarfer	ymarferwn ni
methu	methant
darllen	darllenent
claddu	claddent
teimlo	teimledig
deall	deallech chi
croesholi	croesholwn
dangos	dangosasant
diolch	diolchwn
cusanu	cusanech
gwrthod	gwrthodo
plannu	plannen ni
cysgu	cysgwn
cofio	cofi
lleihau	lleihem
cuddio	cudda
ceisio	ceisier
teimlo	teimlasom
croeshoelio	croeshoeliwn
diolch	diolchasech
cysgu	cysgais i
ymarfer	ymarferech chi
loncian	lonciet ti
cysgu	cysgont
digwydd	digwyddwch
addysgu	addysgem
cofio	cofier
awgrymu	awgrymasoch
gafael	gafaelech
annog	anogaf
croesi	croesiasant
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoli
codi	codwn ni
cynnwys	cynhwyswn
hofran	hofrana
ymarfer	ymarferaswn
penderfynu	penderfynon ni
darlunio	darluniasech
dechrau	dechreuen ni
siafio	siafiai fo
siarad	siaradwn ni
arfer	arferasid
hudo	hudasai
ymolchi	ymolchont
meddwl	meddyliodd o
croesholi	croesholioch chi
dodi	dodir
adolygu	adolygwn i
defnyddio	defnyddiwn ni
ysbrydoli	ysbrydolasech
syrthio	syrthiwch
addo	addawn i
medru	medred
digwydd	digwyddwn
ffurfio	ffurfiwch chi
cofio	cofiwch
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddwn i
taro	trewch
ysu	ysa i
bwyta	bwytais i
ysmygu	ysmygasid
cyrraedd	cyrhaedded
gadael	gedy
siafio	siafiasid
bwyta	bwyteais
teithio	teithiaf
crynu	crynid
treisio	treisiom
llenydda	llenyddai fo
sylwi	sylwen ni
croeshoelio	croeshoeliai
gwrthod	gwrthodaswn
cynnwys	cynhwysa
amgyffred	amgyffredech
galluogi	galluogwch chi
elwa	elwoch chi
gwenu	gwenodd
bwyta	bwyta i
rhofio	rhofiwch
peidio	peidiasai
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddi di
dechrau	dechreuasech
ciledrych	ciledrycha
smygu	smygon ni
gweld	gwelwch chi
llosgi	llosgwn ni
credu	credet ti
cyffwrdd	cyffyrddant
darparu	darparen nhw
ymlacio	ymlaciwn
coelio	coeli
cyfnewid	cyfnewidiech
difetha	difethid
diolch	diolchais i
ysgrifennu	ysgrifenner
condemnio	condemnir
bwyta	bwytait
lluddias	lluddiaist ti
cymryd	cymeroch chi
terfynu	terfynwn
hudo	hudwn i
canoli	canolwn ni
siafio	siafiasoch
siafio	siafiasant
canlyn	canlynych
canlyn	canlynech
bwrw	bwrio
cyfarfod	cyfarfydda
cyrraedd	cyrhaeddoch chi
crynu	crŷn
smygu	smygen nhw
ymarfer	ymarferaf
teimlo	teimlwch
terfynu	terfyner
mynd	elwn
mynd	elai
sgwrsio	sgwrsiaswn
lleihau	lleiasai
mwynhau	mwynheais
amgyffred	amgyffredodd o
ffurfio	ffurfi
darllen	darllen
eistedd	eisteddwyf
ennill	enillasom
casáu	caseaist
coginio	coginiech
cynnwys	cynhwysith o
dangos	dangoswch
eistedd	eisteddaf
ysu	yswyd
eistedd	eisteddent
ciledrych	ciledrychid
caru	caron ni
syrthio	syrthiasent
arfer	arferasech
galluogi	galluogaist ti
teithio	teithiasit
rhoi	rhoddwn ni
ysbrydoli	ysbrydoledig
cyfieithu	cyfieitha i
adolygu	adolygasid
rhedeg	rhedasoch
poeni	poenai
dilyn	dilyna i
gweld	gweled
rhodio	rhodiaswn
ymddwyn	ymddygasent
awgrymu	awgrymet ti
cysgu	cysgi
terfynu	terfynwch
smygu	smygasant
lleoli	lleola
dathlu	dathlith o
meddwl	meddylian nhw
gorffen	gorffennon nhw
gwrthod	gwrthodi
dodi	dodai
danfon	danfonid
gwerthu	gwerthid
agor	agorwyd
annog	anogasom
gorffen	gorffenasem
colli	coller
rhwygo	rhwygent
rhofio	rhofiaswn
dathlu	dathlech chi
ennill	enilloch chi
rhwystro	rhwystrasent
nyddu	nyddoch chi
mwynhau	mwynheuon ni
hedfan	hedfanoch
dechrau	dechreuodd o
cusanu	cusanasoch
amau	amheui di
rhuthro	rhuthret ti
rhwygo	rhwygen nhw
plannu	plannit
