rinvasare	rinvasi
infilzare	infilzeremo
rivedersi	mi rivedevo
insanguinare	insanguinante
tramare	tramate
scartabellare	scartabelliamo
calzare	calzerete
sfidarsi	si sfidi
recarvisi	vi si recheranno
intrufolare	intrufolassi
rinchiudere	rinchiuderei
impiombare	impiombi
scombinare	scombini
attendersi	si attenda
cazzeggiare	cazzeggerei
inzeppare	inzeppassi
strabiliare	strabilerò
disvolgere	disvolga
argomentare	argomentasti
sciogliersi	si sciolga
corcare	corcavo
umiliare	umilierà
estrarre	estraessimo
compiere	compivi
ricoverarsi	ti ricoveravi
rinsanguare	rinsanguavate
assistere	assisterei
sanare	sani
azzerare	azzerando
gloglottare	gloglottereste
tangere	tangi
invigorire	invigorisca
innamorare	innamoravi
ospedalizzare	ospedalizzò
piegare	piegheremmo
formare	formino
rassumere	rassumesti
sterminare	sterminavate
incuriosirsi	si incuriosiscano
sfarinarsi	si sfarinano
metaforizzare	metaforizzavamo
pavimentare	pavimentassero
doppiare	doppierai
scempiare	scempiasse
potabilizzare	potabilizzaste
disintegrarsi	ci disintegreremo
rabbonire	rabbonendo
sagginare	sagginasse
costudire	costudirebbero
scarnire	scarnisse
simulare	simulassero
asciolvere	asciolverete
vellutare	velluta
spogliarsi	ti spoglierai
girondolare	girondolavi
attingersi	si attingerà
ondulare	ondulassimo
frenarsi	ci freneremmo
vendicare	vendicaste
smetterla	la smettano
disimpegnarsi	vi disimpegnerete
sgonfiare	sgonfiaste
bastire	bastissi
obliare	obliante
ripudiare	ripudia
trasognare	trasogneremo
concedere	concedi
reimpiantare	reimpianterete
scriversi	ti scrivevi
ornare	ornasse
nuclearizzare	nuclearizzi
ibridare	ibriderebbe
mansuefarsi	vi mansuefacciate
testificare	testificassimo
addebbiare	addebbierete
smaliziare	smalizierà
crucciarsi	mi crucciavo
trivellare	trivellerai
smembrare	smembra
carezzarsi	vi carezziate
illanguidire	illanguidì
storcere	storcente
depolverizzare	depolverizzammo
refrangere	refranga
interpretare	interpreterai
corteare	corteavi
addimesticare	addimesticavano
attendere	attendeva
ritorcere	ritorcemmo
impuzzolentire	impuzzolentiscano
rombare	rombasse
intervistare	intervistiate
caracollare	caracolli
uccidere	uccidereste
apporre	apponga
transitare	transitassimo
risospendere	risospesero
sostantivare	sostantiviamo
subirsi	subisciti
appendersi	mi appendo
inzuppare	inzuppiamo
confutare	confuta
romanticizzare	romanticizzeremmo
offrire	offrissimo
corrompersi	ci corrompevamo
provenire	provenisti
impietrire	impietrirebbe
oscillare	oscillano
contornare	contornate
cazzare	cazzavate
scommettere	scommisero
scafare	scaferà
rincarnarsi	si rincarnavano
riaccostare	riaccostammo
rappacificarsi	rappacificati
scalfirsi	vi scalfite
imbrattarsi	vi imbrattaste
riforgiare	riforgerebbero
fermare	fermerà
shakerare	shakererà
individuarsi	si individua
rinnegare	rinnegasse
schiacciarsi	si schiacciano
inflazionare	inflazionavo
infeudare	infeudava
intenerire	intenerito
diradarsi	si dirada
sfiorare	sfiorano
incatenarsi	incatenarsi
infittire	infittirà
ergersi	vi ergereste
costellare	costelli
piazzarsi	ti piazzeresti
sussurrarsi	vi sussurravate
stravaccarsi	ti stravaccasti
addentare	addento
destalinizzare	destalinizzare
spegnare	spegnavamo
dipanare	dipanasse
svigorire	svigoriscano
ambientare	ambientassero
sconfinare	sconfinino
rodare	rodavate
incartocciare	incartocciaste
calafatare	calafatava
epicureggiare	epicureggiasti
terminare	termineremo
incaparbire	incaparbimmo
guarnire	guarnisce
ispezionare	ispezionate
lascare	lascasti
flippare	flippò
italianizzarsi	ti italianizzerai
fumeggiare	fumeggi
lacerare	lacerai
sbafare	sbaferò
regolarizzare	regolarizziamo
raggiare	raggeremmo
diesizzare	diesizzerebbe
restringersi	si restringeva
rigiacere	rigiaccio
discoprire	discoprissero
disconoscere	disconosciuto
armonizzarsi	si armonizzi
elargire	elargirei
riconvocare	riconvochereste
coricare	coricò
abbatuffolare	abbatuffolerebbero
accumularsi	accumulandosi
affigliare	affiglierebbe
spiegazzare	spiegazzavamo
sfarfallare	sfarfallassi
carbonizzarsi	carbonizzandosi
bucherellare	bucherellassero
ombrare	ombrano
cosare	cosereste
fasciarsi	fasciandosi
appuzzare	appuzzassi
stupefarsi	si stupefarebbero
scaldarsi	si scaldi
taglieggiare	taglieggiamo
reimpiantare	reimpiantiamo
invischiare	invischiaste
capeggiare	capeggerò
infiorare	infiorammo
spacciare	spacciavate
gorgheggiare	gorgheggi
detonare	detonare
cooperare	cooperiamo
ballare	ballino
incacchiarsi	ti incacchierai
chicchiriare	chicchiriò
estollere	estolleremmo
articolare	articoli
attribuire	attribuirono
ridiscorrere	ridiscorsi
ravvivare	ravvivo
arrendere	arrendessimo
simulare	simulaste
impressionare	impressioneremo
vendersi	ci vendiamo
filmare	filmante
derequisire	derequisiamo
sgocciolare	sgocciolino
svigorirsi	vi svigorivate
concrescere	concrescerete
documentare	documentassi
disanimarsi	ci disanimammo
imbellettare	imbellettarono
avverarsi	si avverassero
affiochirsi	si affiochisse
ammodernare	ammoderna
spossare	spossavano
carotare	carotassi
scorzare	scorzante
fascicolare	fascicolerà
accentuarsi	ti accentuassi
immettere	immettevate
accozzarsi	vi accozzereste
anodizzare	anodizzassimo
constatare	constataste
deregolare	deregolarono
dattilografare	dattilografo
acchiappare	acchiappassi
affabulare	affabularono
disistimare	disistimiamo
antropizzare	antropizzassi
restituirsi	ci restituivamo
snodare	snodereste
raggranellare	raggranelliamo
orlare	orlava
ideare	ideano
intrippare	intripperete
comprare	comprereste
verticalizzare	verticalizziamo
brindare	brindavi
interrogare	interrogo
ripetersi	ti ripetessi
ritirarsi	ritirato
incernierare	incerniererei
circondarsi	si circonderebbero
passare	passaste
felicitare	felicitava
spartire	spartimmo
scarificare	scarifichiamo
appiastrare	appiastravano
sconfinare	sconfinano
pronunciare	pronunciammo
depressurizzare	depressurizzi
spettegolare	spettegolavo
ammulinare	ammulinerò
penzolare	penzolereste
attenere	attenessi
monacarsi	monacati
raccordare	raccordava
circoncidersi	si circonciderebbe
curarsi	ci curiamo
ammoinare	ammoinerei
impomatare	impomati
cifrare	cifravo
ridotare	ridotassero
sciogliere	scioglierebbero
collidere	collisero
cangiare	cangiammo
snellirsi	ti snellisci
empire	empito
accovarsi	si accoverà
inzotichire	inzotichiate
ripuntare	ripuntiate
poltrire	poltristi
nerbare	nerbassi
sucare	sucammo
svegliare	svegliamo
sgualcirsi	ti sgualcissi
saponificare	saponificare
scristianizzare	scristianizzava
orgasmare	orgasmava
spoliare	spolieresti
imbarcare	imbarcando
autorizzarsi	ti autorizzasti
infiacchire	infiacchisca
acciocchire	acciocchivamo
sbobinare	sbobinaste
complimentare	complimentassero
disboscare	disboscasse
madrigaleggiare	madrigaleggiavano
impiegare	impiegavate
ciclizzare	ciclizza
stufarsi	mi stufassi
acciucchire	acciucchiranno
sbizzarrire	sbizzarriamo
declamare	declamerà
riavvicinarsi	si riavvicinino
girondolare	girondoleranno
levitare	levito
mobilitare	mobilita
compungere	compungano
spaziare	spaziassimo
basculare	basculerai
rispergere	rispergiamo
riverniciare	riverniceranno
spretarsi	si spretarono
istupidirsi	si istupidiscano
ridondare	ridondano
addarsi	si addanno
utilizzare	utilizzante
pedaleggiare	pedaleggino
consapevolizzarsi	si consapevolizzi
reinfettarsi	ci reinfettassimo
francesizzare	francesizziate
sbagliarsi	sbagliato
rapprendersi	ti rapprenda
abbottinare	abbottinassi
desegretare	desegretassimo
antecedere	antecedere
svaporare	svaporiamo
rimarginare	rimarginate
centrifugare	centrifuga
rimagliare	rimaglia
rideterminare	rideterminassimo
stiparsi	ci stipassimo
sprofondarsi	si sprofonda
rabbrividire	rabbrividirono
raffazzonare	raffazzonino
caducarsi	si caducherebbe
costernare	costernare
sfagliare	sfagliavano
prefiggersi	si prefiggano
impregnarsi	si impregni
proliferare	proliferò
cofinanziare	cofinanziavano
rimarchiare	rimarchiate
attristare	attristino
dissanguarsi	ti dissanguerai
abburattare	abburatto
scartare	scartate
gabellare	gabellavi
imporporarsi	mi imporpori
albeggiare	albeggiare
succiare	succiavi
immiserirsi	ci immiserivamo
imbastardire	imbastardiva
infurbirsi	si infurbisce
ridonare	ridoniate
televedere	televedono
angosciare	angosci
riguardarsi	riguardatevi
inserirsi	ci inseriamo
ricollegare	ricollegherebbero
rieleggere	rielesse
sorvolare	sorvolino
biascicare	biascichiamo
emanare	emanasti
smerlettare	smerletterai
abbrutirsi	mi abbrutii
residuare	residuerebbero
prefazionare	prefaziono
fumare	fumeremmo
assaggiare	assaggiamo
erborizzare	erborizzato
appezzare	appezzavamo
imbottigliare	imbottigliavamo
sballare	sballando
maturarsi	ci matureremo
sfidarsi	si sfidarono
avvinchiare	avvinchiavate
amministrare	amministrassi
prefabbricare	prefabbrica
tastare	tastiamo
pralinare	pralinavo
appiattarsi	si appiattino
sconcordare	sconcorderete
coventrizzare	coventrizzavo
demandare	demandino
riapplicare	riapplicheremo
incaricare	incarichereste
trascegliere	trascelse
cavillare	cavillavo
paraffinare	paraffina
abbacinare	abbacinino
faccettare	faccettassimo
morsicchiare	morsicchiate
pellettizzare	pellettizziamo
convergere	convergeranno
sminuire	sminuiresti
disinflazionare	disinflazionavate
immaginare	immagini
scavezzare	scavezzavamo
ammogliare	ammoglieresti
rifornirsi	si rifornì
coverchiare	coverchi
alleviare	alleviare
disinibire	disinibirebbe
incitare	incitereste
immucidire	immucidissi
prefigurare	prefiguravo
castrare	castravamo
autodefinirsi	mi autodefinivo
vicitare	vicitiamo
stupirsi	stupendosi
disperdere	disperse
domesticare	domestichi
capitombolare	capitombolerei
ricospargere	ricospargiamo
dissanguarsi	ti dissangueresti
dimettersi	vi dimettete
acciambellare	acciambelli
abbadare	abbadare
pungersi	si pungano
satollare	satollano
testificare	testifichiamo
compattarsi	compattantesi
basare	baserà
circumnavigare	circumnavighereste
rintascare	rintascò
appesire	appesissero
slargare	slarghi
orrare	orrassimo
sproloquiare	sproloquiare
intendersene	se ne intenda
produrre	producevate
trasecolare	trasecola
percuotere	percotevo
azzoppire	azzoppissero
riacciuffare	riacciuffiamo
bottinare	bottinavi
dilatarsi	si dilatarono
discolpare	discolpa
angustiarsi	vi angustiaste
quotizzare	quotizzi
disanimare	disanimerebbero
aborrire	aborrireste
involarsi	ti involassi
affiggere	affiggevate
inquietare	inquieterò
scattare	scattassero
fluire	fluiamo
incappare	incappassimo
rigermogliare	rigermogliammo
infeltrire	infeltrissimo
tramettere	trametta
agurare	agurerete
clonare	clonerebbero
berciare	berciate
solennizzare	solennizzavi
rannicchiare	rannicchiò
dolcificare	dolcificherebbero
dirigere	dirigesse
istruire	istruiranno
deattivare	deattiverebbero
intisichire	intisichissi
rispondere	risponda
racchiudere	racchiudevi
sublicenziare	sublicenzi
ignorare	ignorasti
vaneggiare	vaneggino
produrre	producessimo
ricrescere	ricresciuto
manipolare	manipoleremo
uncinare	uncinava
ripigliare	ripiglieresti
esigere	esigette
macchiarsi	mi macchio
cristallizzarsi	ti cristallizzavi
erudire	erudissero
rifulgere	rifulgessi
autorizzarsi	autorizzantesi
violentare	violentassero
armonizzare	armonizza
raffreddarsi	ci raffredderemmo
reindustrializzare	reindustrializziamo
stabilirsi	ci stabiliremmo
rivaccinare	rivaccinavo
biasimarsi	biasimiamoci
resistere	resiste
adacquare	adacquiamo
luppolizzare	luppolizzassimo
autodichiararsi	autodichiariamoci
intirizzirsi	mi intirizzirò
arronzare	arronzavamo
capitaneggiare	capitaneggiaste
tramutare	tramutando
catabolizzare	catabolizzeremmo
scozzare	scozzato
sdoppiarsi	mi sdoppiassi
accusarsi	si accuserebbero
rirompere	rirotto
danzare	danzasti
incatramare	incatramiamo
toelettare	toelettate
corrugare	corrugo
coccolarsi	si coccolasse
ridurre	riduco
misturare	mistura
trattenere	trattenuto
insudiciarsi	si insudici
trapporre	trapponiamo
sconfessare	sconfesserà
estraniarsi	si estraniasse
sciancarsi	si sciancherà
esporre	esponeste
atomizzare	atomizzerete
addogliare	addogliarono
scartocciare	scartocciò
decontestualizzare	decontestualizzassimo
ricongiungere	ricongiungiamo
segretare	segretavo
irradiarsi	si irradia
infischiarsi	vi infischiate
disidentificarsi	ti disidentificassi
allibare	allibavi
sgraffiare	sgraffierai
sganasciarsi	sganasciandosi
ritarare	ritarassi
precorrere	precorriamo
inspirare	inspirerebbe
intepidire	intepidirei
sigillare	sigillaste
schedare	schedate
serenare	serenassimo
dilagare	dilagai
ricategorizzare	ricategorizzi
imbrigliare	imbrigli
intelare	inteli
sostituirsi	vi sostituiste
squilibrarsi	ti squilibrasti
vagare	vagò
scappellarsi	ti scappelli
inargentare	inargentano
elaborare	elaborerebbero
sporre	sporrei
eccellere	eccellereste
gingillarsi	ti gingillassi
legnarsi	ti legni
drizzarsi	si drizzino
slombare	slombi
impilare	impilino
trombare	trombo
dilavare	dilaviamo
corrucciare	corrucciate
personificare	personifica
schermografare	schermografato
sgrovigliare	sgrovigliaste
sterilire	sterilirà
scaloppare	scaloppassi
apparentarsi	vi apparentaste
sovracapitalizzare	sovracapitalizzassi
atterrare	atterrò
feltrare	feltrino
incardinare	incardinerebbero
calcinare	calcinerà
incartare	incarteresti
cortocircuitare	cortocircuitai
sfaccettare	sfaccettassero
binare	binavo
profanare	profaneremo
parzializzare	parzializzavi
ispezionare	ispezionerebbero
raccostare	raccostavi
scaltrire	scaltrirebbe
mazziare	mazzierebbe
sfidarsi	si sfidavano
chiudersi	ci chiuderemmo
vinificare	vinificava
sottomurare	sottomuravano
assistersi	si assistessero
storcere	storcete
sbloccarsi	si sblocca
ereggere	ereggeranno
impermalire	impermalivate
riabbracciarsi	ti riabbracciasti
ingerire	ingerisce
dispromettere	dispromettono
stanare	stano
teflonare	teflonino
lucidare	luciderete
perdurre	perducendo
arrabbiare	arrabbiamo
allicciare	allicci
riassalire	riassali
esultare	esulterete
inzaccherare	inzacchererete
europeizzare	europeizzavate
autodichiararsi	si autodichiarassero
suggellare	suggelli
crashare	crasheremmo
rinarrare	rinarrasti
insaccare	insaccassimo
ridisporre	ridisporrebbero
ammortare	ammorta
piastrellare	piastrellerebbe
scomodarsi	scomodati
grattare	grattasti
accampionare	accampioni
competere	competono
propugnare	propugnarono
scorciare	scorcereste
individualizzare	individualizzerò
riattaccarsi	ti riattacchi
deforestare	deforestassimo
miticizzare	miticizzante
spirare	spirerebbero
categorizzare	categorizziate
rintascare	rintasca
strabere	strabevemmo
sgambettare	sgambettante
mestare	mesto
occidentalizzarsi	ci occidentalizzeremo
monocromatizzare	monocromatizzino
rimondare	rimondassi
abiurare	abiuriate
provenzaleggiare	provenzaleggerete
disintossicarsi	ti disintossicavi
sformarsi	ti sformi
vincere	vincano
fluidificare	fluidificassi
affidarsi	affidato
ripudiare	ripudiaste
arrossire	arrossì
incardinare	incardinavamo
confondersi	si confonderebbero
disquisire	disquisirà
sfasciare	sfasciavo
ridistinguere	ridistinguevo
incuoiare	incuoiato
strascicare	strascicante
smaltare	smalterebbe
reprimere	reprimessimo
vergare	vergassimo
voltarsi	mi volto
rimarcare	rimarcando
vandalizzare	vandalizza
avvistare	avvistino
sbiancare	sbiancheremmo
insidiare	insidierebbe
inframezzare	inframezzerà
gufare	gufasti
villaneggiare	villaneggiavi
lardare	larderete
accareggiare	accareggio
agucchiare	agucchiassi
paracadutarsi	si paracadutassero
dileguarsi	si dileguava
risorgere	risorga
finalizzare	finalizzassimo
dilapidare	dilapidavo
immergere	immerga
roteare	roteavate
orlare	orlaste
stasare	staserei
intumidire	intumidiranno
truffare	truffava
calare	cali
incrostare	incrosterai
scapigliare	scapigliare
infangare	infangate
presentarsi	presentandosi
ingannarsi	si ingannava
contagiare	contagerebbero
lubrificare	lubrificaste
imbullettare	imbullettiamo
defoliare	defoliamo
temere	temesti
ricantare	ricantino
sfarinarsi	si sfarini
avvezzare	avvezzano
disciplinare	disciplinerebbe
dimenticarsi	mi dimenticavo
stravaccarsi	ti stravaccheresti
votarsi	ti votavi
improsciuttire	improsciuttireste
riapparire	riapparendo
centrifugare	centrifugando
accappucciare	accappucciaste
riscattarsi	vi riscattereste
costernarsi	mi costerno
avariare	avari
incipriare	incipriassi
apostrofarsi	si apostrofino
inasprire	inaspriremmo
deventare	deventerò
infagottarsi	ci infagottiamo
zoppare	zoppi
semicingere	semicingevano
riproporre	riproponessero
legarsi	vi legate
bianchettare	bianchettate
proseguire	proseguii
girarsi	girandosi
pervertirsi	mi pervertii
umanizzarsi	mi umanizzassi
decomporsi	decomponendosi
autogiustificarsi	vi autogiustificate
spanciare	spanciavo
distrarre	distraggo
asservirsi	vi asservite
desinare	desinassi
ridiscorrere	ridiscorri
rintanare	rintaneresti
mazzolare	mazzolante
travalicare	travalicare
travagliare	travagliasti
incatenarsi	ti incateni
rincoglionire	rincoglionisse
partire	partiste
aggrommare	aggrommiamo
decontrarre	decontragga
visitare	visito
provenire	proverrebbero
segretare	segretante
wikificare	wikifichi
radersi	mi rada
arrotare	arroterei
intrugliare	intrugliavo
imburrare	imburreremmo
palesare	paleserai
ridecorare	ridecorate
panneggiare	panneggiate
crespare	crespiamo
rinfondere	rinfondiate
contraddirsi	ci contraddiciamo
strafare	strafaceva
increspare	increspi
perfezionarsi	perfezionarsi
volteggiare	volteggiavamo
preeleggere	preeleggessero
agghindare	agghindando
assodare	assodate
distrarsi	distratto
addomandare	addomandi
beneficare	beneficherei
sfilacciare	sfilacciassi
destreggiarsi	si destreggia
sottrarre	sottraete
ustionare	ustionasse
revisionare	revisioneranno
incolonnarsi	incolonnarsi
consacrare	consacreresti
ricelebrare	ricelebrò
amoracciare	amoracciaste
scapitare	scapitasti
spettare	spettiamo
ossificarsi	ti ossificassi
scriminare	scrimineremmo
oprare	oprassi
frantumare	frantumino
lubrificare	lubrifichi
stamparsi	vi stampavate
decriptare	decriptino
ventolare	ventolava
abbrusciare	abbrusciano
autointersecarsi	vi autointersecavate
sbilanciarsi	mi sbilancerei
massellare	massellai
gualcire	gualcisca
ribaltarsi	si ribaltarono
nominare	nominavate
decelerare	decelerarono
mitigarsi	vi mitigate
volgersi	vi volgeste
esserci	stato
formalizzarsi	vi formalizziate
colare	coli
accoccare	accocchino
restarsi	vi restate
effluire	effluito
concretarsi	vi concreterete
encomiare	encomieresti
intrugliare	intrugliamo
allampanare	allampanate
annacquare	annacquereste
scalpellinare	scalpellini
diffondere	diffondiate
appallottolarsi	ci appallottolammo
qualificare	qualificavi
attenere	atterrebbe
tossire	tossisca
interlineare	interlineavo
vederci	vediamoci
iscrivere	iscriverebbe
antropizzare	antropizzano
maltrattare	maltrattarono
percentualizzare	percentualizziamo
sconfinare	sconfinerò
ridestarsi	vi ridestereste
impennarsi	si impennerebbero
curare	curino
ricoverarsi	si ricovererebbero
omologarsi	vi omologhereste
vetrioleggiare	vetrioleggiavo
accaparrarsi	si accaparravano
arrapare	arrapiate
masticare	mastichi
abbarbicare	abbarbicaste
rassomigliare	rassomigliassero
inasinire	inasinirete
sguazzare	sguazzerò
allidere	allidevi
abrogare	abrogavate
sovresporre	sovresponevo
piovigginare	pioviggina
riconvertire	riconvertiva
riformulare	riformulai
saziare	saziare
oziare	oziassero
abbendare	abbendi
burattare	burattate
incoiare	incoiasse
scalfire	scalfiamo
screpolarsi	si screpolasse
olezzare	olezzino
ascriversi	vi ascriveste
agognare	agogni
inorpellare	inorpelliate
appaiare	appaiavano
sgottare	sgottasti
somigliarsi	somigliati
telegrafare	telegraferà
uccidere	ucciderai
rifuggire	rifuggiremo
risalire	risalirete
accigliare	accigliava
abbuzzire	abbuzzisti
zizzagare	zizzagai
intelare	intelassimo
traballare	traballiamo
invischiare	invischiavo
scarnare	scarnavo
sbancare	sbancasti
chiudersi	si chiudesse
attivare	attivi
vociferare	vociferarono
degassare	degasserà
felicitare	felicitate
parametrare	parametrato
sostantivarsi	ti sostantivassi
appiattare	appiatterebbe
stilettare	stilettano
socchiudere	socchiuda
caricare	carico
chattare	chatti
recriminare	recrimineresti
esprimere	esprimessero
autointersecarsi	autointersecatevi
bidonare	bidonò
capovolgere	capovolgendo
arrotolare	arrotolassero
richiedere	richiedeste
bufferizzare	bufferizzino
percuotersi	vi percoteste
neutralizzare	neutralizzassi
ripopolare	ripopolasse
rirompere	rirompi
educere	educessimo
sopraelevare	sopraelevassi
caratterizzare	caratterizzai
marchiare	marchiamo
estrudere	estrudiamo
rivoltolare	rivoltolino
ammotinare	ammotinato
autoridurre	autoriducesti
trotterellare	trotterello
tacchettare	tacchetteremo
reintegrarsi	vi reintegriate
dilaniarsi	ci dilanieremmo
fagocitare	fagocita
sporcarsi	ti sporcavi
pigmentarsi	vi pigmentereste
capeggiare	capeggiamo
formattare	formatti
concludersi	ci concluderemo
riconvertirsi	mi riconvertii
pregiarsi	pregiamoci
smitizzare	smitizzeranno
scremare	scremerai
lambiccare	lambiccherete
impreziosire	impreziosiremmo
addestrare	addestrino
divertire	divertiste
sbrancare	sbranca
sterrare	sterrando
ritoccare	ritoccavamo
paventare	paventerò
imbudellare	imbudellai
scorzarsi	vi scorzereste
centralizzare	centralizzi
appuntellare	appuntellino
addimesticare	addimesticherò
diffondere	diffondemmo
fulminarsi	si fulmineranno
intercalare	intercalassimo
rintuzzare	rintuzzerebbero
putrefare	putrefacciano
controdatare	controdatare
riattraversare	riattraversasti
riaccomodare	riaccomodassi
accusarsi	ci accusiamo
irradiare	irradiasti
antivedere	antivedente
sgranchirsi	ti sgranchisci
videoscrivere	videoscrivevo
assicurare	assicureremmo
istruire	istruiremo
chimificare	chimificherebbero
sudare	sudavo
inguantare	inguantato
valutare	valutò
valersi	vi valete
sentirsi	si sentono
opinare	opinereste
dormicchiare	dormicchiate
rassottigliarsi	si rassottiglierebbero
sculettare	sculetterebbero
addomandare	addomandato
slegarsi	sleghiamoci
riassociarsi	mi riassocerei
ripigliarsi	si ripiglino
zampillare	zampilliamo
voltolare	voltolasse
ambientarsi	ti ambienti
sottoridere	sorriderai
arroventare	arroventiamo
darsi	si danno
munirsi	munentesi
suicidare	suiciderei
sgridare	sgriderò
vietare	vieteremmo
affliggersi	mi affliggevo
abiettare	abiettavamo
sfalsare	sfalsa
vivificarsi	vivificato
reclamizzare	reclamizzassero
irrigidire	irrigidivano
richiamarsi	si richiameranno
tanfare	tanfino
filosofare	filosofammo
arruffare	arrufferemo
ingrandirsi	mi ingrandisco
ciarlare	ciarlassi
accareggiare	accareggi
translitterare	translittererebbero
autodistruggersi	ti autodistruggeresti
accoppare	accoppavamo
destrutturarsi	destrutturantesi
inquinare	inquinereste
misturare	misturo
soprassedere	soprassieda
incappottarsi	vi incappottereste
balzellare	balzelleresti
abbarcare	abbarchereste
decriptare	decriptiamo
solfeggiare	solfeggiare
tollerare	tolleri
cannoneggiare	cannoneggi
impromettere	impromettiamo
disossidare	disossidassi
insospettirsi	ci insospettiremmo
schifare	schifante
rimungere	rimunga
accogliere	accogli
esserci	ci foste
gremirsi	si gremissero
tonsurare	tonsura
scansionare	scansionerà
barbarizzare	barbarizzerà
videoscrivere	videoscriviamo
digradare	digrada
canforare	canforassi
imperniare	impernierà
ripiombare	ripiombate
arianizzare	arianizzaste
arenare	arenai
perdurre	perduci
descriversi	ci descrivessimo
addottrinarsi	vi addottrinavate
ricostringere	ricostringete
articolare	articolo
integrarsi	ti integri
professarsi	ti professasti
deflagrare	deflagraste
correre	corre
pargoleggiare	pargoleggerei
colorirsi	colorisciti
riacutizzarsi	ti riacutizzerai
discaricare	discarichi
sbullettare	sbulletta
discorrere	discorressimo
scapitare	scapiti
disconnettersi	mi disconnetta
reclamare	reclamiamo
declamare	declamassimo
impattare	impattasse
fidecommettere	fidecommettessi
addossare	addossi
sbuffare	sbuffavi
sgobbare	sgobberei
innervosire	innervosirei
avviarsi	si avviano
concernere	concerna
tassarsi	si tassasse
palare	palasse
venerare	venerassi
tumefare	tumefaceste
ravvicinare	ravvicinate
dissentire	dissentiamo
sorvegliare	sorveglieremo
incrudire	incrudisca
dire	dica
ammarare	ammarate
percolare	percoliate
beffare	beffi
diradarsi	mi diraderei
transricevere	transricevente
abbrustolare	abbrustolassi
suffiggere	suffiggere
barbicare	barbicante
sbaffare	sbaffiamo
esondare	esondasse
difendere	difenda
rifinire	rifinisca
confidare	confidano
canterellare	canterellerà
defosforilare	defosforilate
riaffacciarsi	ci riaffacceremmo
seppellire	seppellivi
desiare	desiassi
ritrascorrere	ritrascorriamo
sgraffignare	sgraffignato
disorientare	disorientassi
compilare	compilerebbe
rintendere	rintendessi
decriminalizzare	decriminalizzi
annunziare	annunziaste
rimodernare	rimodernerebbero
ripercuotere	ripercotendo
accentare	accentato
incatramare	incatramassero
rammagliare	rammagliasti
grondare	gronderemo
procacciarsi	mi procacciassi
riconcedere	riconcedeva
rimpicciolire	rimpicciolisci
duramificare	duramificheremmo
remigare	remighiamo
surrogarsi	si surrogano
complimentare	complimentammo
capotare	capotavate
raggiungere	raggiungerei
pirateggiare	pirateggerete
salmistrare	salmistrasti
arroccarsi	si arroccheranno
pendere	pendiate
riprincipiare	riprincipierà
assumere	assuma
aggrapparsi	aggrappato
disinteressare	disinteressando
ammelmare	ammelmi
videochattare	videochattavate
gioire	gioivano
corrispondere	corrispondevi
ritagliarsi	si ritaglino
incurvare	incurvino
arrangiare	arrangiassimo
ricattare	ricattasse
ribollire	ribollissero
mugolare	mugolai
purgare	purgare
aggiustarsi	ci aggiusteremmo
cercarsi	cercatevi
infuriare	infuriavi
scoraggiare	scoraggeresti
eliminare	eliminaste
ingioiellare	ingioiellò
miniaturizzare	miniaturizzaste
desalare	desalammo
castrare	castri
rigettarsi	vi rigettaste
paventare	paventiamo
convenirsi	si convenne
risolidificarsi	ti risolidifichi
liofilizzare	liofilizzeranno
espiare	espiano
mugghiare	mugghieremmo
saccarificare	saccarificarono
rieleggere	rieleggete
approvvigionare	approvvigionava
assicurare	assicurato
silurare	silurerete
ubbligare	ubbligherei
tepefarsi	si tepefarebbe
superare	supererò
effigiare	effigiavate
turare	turavamo
sfrenarsi	ci sfreneremo
sussidiare	sussidio
riposizionarsi	si riposizionò
indebitare	indebitante
addolcirsi	mi addolcissi
porgere	porgeva
cintare	cinteremmo
rodere	roderesti
informatizzarsi	informatizziamoci
sciabolare	sciabolò
scuriosare	scuriosasti
ripristinare	ripristinassi
aureolare	aureolassi
buggerare	buggeri
involtarsi	mi involti
sobbalzare	sobbalzerò
leccare	leccavo
svalutare	svalutassimo
scorciare	scorcino
prolungarsi	prolungati
beffare	beffi
scristianizzare	scristianizzano
sconficcare	sconficcavate
provenire	provenivano
flippare	flippasti
imbevere	imbevettero
squadrare	squadrato
aggravare	aggravando
descriversi	si descrivesse
foderare	fodero
canticchiare	canticchiavano
propiziare	propiziate
confricare	confricheremmo
prefare	prefacciano
ridisfarsi	ci ridisfacciamo
trangugiare	trangugio
sovraffaticare	sovraffaticavo
sottorappresentare	sottorappresentavamo
controminare	controminino
riconvertire	riconvertirà
porsi	mi porrei
sottentrare	sottentrato
dilungare	dilungassero
incurvare	incurvi
corredare	corredassi
svigorire	svigorirebbero
riascendere	riascenderebbero
conversare	converserò
precidere	precidemmo
decuplicarsi	mi decuplichi
discommettere	discommetterà
ricalcificarsi	vi ricalcificavate
comprendersi	mi comprenda
guardarsene	ve ne guardaste
dimenticarsi	mi dimentichi
virare	viriamo
curiosare	curiosavi
ficcanasare	ficcanasavano
accogliersi	si accolgano
ripitturare	ripitturino
sceneggiare	sceneggeremo
rimisurare	rimisurai
frettare	fretteremmo
dispiegare	dispiegai
addebbiare	addebbiereste
soffocarsi	si soffocassero
implicare	implichiamo
camuffarsi	si camufferebbe
limonare	limonando
rispettarsi	ti rispetterai
ortogonalizzare	ortogonalizziate
rifinire	rifiniate
dominarsi	dominandosi
sanificare	sanifichino
aggrappare	aggrappavo
sfollare	sfollerai
adattare	adatterà
inacutire	inacutiva
avvinazzarsi	si avvinazzerebbero
impratichirsi	si impratichirà
decerebrare	decerebrino
mitigare	mitigarono
riesporre	riesponga
discostarsi	discostato
azzimare	azzimano
procacciarsi	mi procacci
rilavare	rilavate
ammannellare	ammannellerei
riedificare	riedificherebbero
disinstallare	disinstalliate
reindustrializzare	reindustrializzando
spappagallare	spappagallerò
intervenire	intervenissimo
scolare	scolate
prefiggersi	mi prefiggerò
sprizzare	sprizzano
insecchire	insecchirò
sculacciare	sculacciato
riobbligare	riobbligasti
deperire	deperite
bambineggiare	bambineggeresti
fedecommettere	fedecommettevo
squassare	squassaste
stare	stante
rificcare	rificcammo
sclerotizzare	sclerotizziamo
reinserirsi	si reinseriscono
scioccare	scioccammo
vezzeggiare	vezzeggio
transitare	transitasse
rinascondere	rinascondano
sperdere	sperda
diagonalizzare	diagonalizzeranno
suffiggere	suffiggevo
ridisciogliere	ridiscioglierà
acquerellare	acquerellate
tesserare	tesseri
interrogarsi	si interroghino
quadruplicare	quadruplicate
preventivare	preventiverai
manomettere	manometta
implicare	implicheresti
spuntellare	spuntello
riabbracciare	riabbracciano
introdursi	vi introducevate
immortalare	immortaleremmo
faxare	faxò
toreare	toreando
barricare	barricavi
inebetirsi	vi inebetivate
rirendere	riresi
premunire	premunisca
ristilizzare	ristilizzare
colettare	coletterà
dollarizzare	dollarizzaste
sgualcire	sgualcirà
rimboscare	rimboschiamo
ultimare	ultimava
illuminarsi	vi illuminiate
chiurlare	chiurli
accincignare	accincigneresti
brancicare	brancicherebbero
affumigare	affumigante
candire	candivate
scompagnare	scompagnate
ciampicare	ciampichi
disinformare	disinformaste
impennare	impennai
ravvedersi	mi ravveda
paventare	paventarono
rimprimere	rimpresse
steccare	steccava
disunirsi	si disunirebbe
sfrondare	sfrondavate
rimboccarsi	si rimbocchi
spalleggiare	spalleggiate
anodizzare	anodizzassi
intonacare	intonacherete
circondarsi	si circondano
riproteggere	riproteggiamo
costernare	costerneremo
rimordere	rimordevano
anatrare	anatrato
inciuchire	inciuchisca
perpetuarsi	vi perpetuaste
domiciliarsi	vi domiciliaste
conversare	conversassimo
putrire	putriresti
reimbarcare	reimbarcate
ravviarsi	mi ravvierò
aggomitolarsi	si aggomitoleranno
escoriare	escorierà
contrarre	contraevo
disapprendere	disapprenderò
imbarbarire	imbarbarissi
infingere	infingevate
avvicinarsi	avvicinantesi
ammainare	ammainavi
abbattersi	abbattiamoci
eliminarsi	mi eliminavo
esclamare	esclamarono
resecare	resecassi
terzarolare	terzaroli
vagellare	vagelleranno
raggiare	raggerai
condurre	conducesti
oltrepassare	oltrepasseranno
ciucciarsi	ti ciucci
scaricare	scaricherei
arrapare	arrapate
abbelire	abbelì
ricalcificarsi	mi ricalcifico
azzimarsi	mi azzimassi
gloriarsi	si glori
controquerelare	controquerelavamo
impallare	impalleresti
ricollocarsi	ti ricollochi
smallare	smallano
accestire	accestirete
rinsaccare	rinsaccheranno
bruttare	bruttasti
dissetare	dissetai
imbandierare	imbandieravamo
dismettere	dismisero
sottentrare	sottentraste
incasellare	incasellò
sbrattare	sbrattasse
dissiparsi	mi dissiperò
praticare	praticate
sussurrarsi	vi sussurraste
spiegarsi	spiegato
favoleggiare	favoleggiarono
coordinare	coordinai
collimare	collimerei
nappare	nappavamo
arrangiare	arrangiate
liquefarsi	si liquefaccia
pallettizzare	pallettizzo
schiccherare	schiccheravo
aggrupparsi	si aggrupparono
sentirci	ci sentisse
falsare	falsassimo
scrollarsi	scrolliamoci
vedere	vedi
ingrullire	ingrullivo
succhiellare	succhiella
beccarsi	si beccassero
ossidarsi	ti ossideresti
sottodividere	sottodiviso
ricoricare	ricoricava
cooperare	coopererei
avvogliare	avvogliammo
annichilire	annichilirà
controdatare	controdaterò
scoraggire	scoraggisti
insonorizzare	insonorizzeremo
svillaneggiarsi	ti svillaneggiassi
imbarcare	imbarchiamo
smagnetizzare	smagnetizzino
berciare	bercerebbe
disidentificarsi	ti disidentificheresti
scioperare	scioperi
riesportare	riesportino
infreddolirsi	si infreddoliva
scompaginare	scompaginasti
lardellare	lardelleremmo
parafrasare	parafraserà
aggiustarsi	si aggiusta
comprendersi	ci comprenderemmo
rispettare	rispettando
protendere	protendete
formicolare	formicolate
disseppellire	disseppellisca
riabbracciarsi	ci riabbracceremo
avvilire	avvilisca
appinzare	appinzerebbe
irrigare	irrighi
infrollire	infrolliamo
sconfessare	sconfessavo
sfaccettare	sfaccettando
trascorrere	trascorrerà
foggiare	foggerà
conformare	conformare
fantasticare	fantasticammo
munire	munissero
rialzarsi	vi rialzate
biodegradare	biodegradano
appiatare	appiati
svigorirsi	mi svigorivo
accipigliarsi	accipigliantesi
volicchiare	volicchiate
smarcare	smarcate
coacervare	coacervaste
estrarre	estraiamo
scurire	scurirebbero
incuoiare	incuoiaste
calmare	calmaste
incagliare	incagliate
ricacciare	ricacciavate
incollerire	incollerisci
assimilare	assimilaste
approvisionare	approvisioniamo
udire	udivamo
accovarsi	si accovarono
celiare	celi
scintillare	scintillassi
impaniare	impaniaste
emulsionare	emulsioneresti
sprezzare	sprezzavano
instaurarsi	si instaureranno
nicchiare	nicchi
risuolare	risuoli
rapinare	rapinate
dedicare	dedicate
incamiciare	incamici
spossedere	spossederai
graffire	graffisca
sentirsi	si sente
ragliare	ragliaste
impaludarsi	ti impaludavi
poligrafare	poligrafavate
raddoppiare	raddoppiate
sparacchiare	sparacchiassi
rinsecchire	rinsecchisco
servire	serviate
incidere	inciderete
ravviluppare	ravvilupperà
spingere	spingeva
incipriarsi	ci incipriamo
riannodare	riannodate
superare	superò
elevarsi	elevato
rivendere	rivendeva
universaleggiare	universaleggiassimo
ravviare	ravviammo
ridondare	ridondi
complimentare	complimentiamo
rabbuffare	rabbuffate
onestare	onestando
rifocillare	rifocillino
ritrarsi	ci ritrarremo
tintinnare	tintinnasse
operare	operammo
tatuare	tatua
ritingere	ritingete
zincare	zincano
sconsolare	sconsoliate
sovraffollare	sovraffollerei
lambiccare	lambicchi
ossidarsi	ci ossidammo
retinare	retinasse
rifugiare	rifugiare
cucirsi	cuciamoci
vacare	vacasse
sinterizzare	sinterizza
raccapezzarsi	vi raccapezziate
spaccarsi	ti spaccherai
scalfire	scalfente
raggrumarsi	ci raggrumavamo
decampare	decampavi
inquadrarsi	vi inquadraste
squadrare	squadrerebbero
bacchiare	bacchiammo
abiurare	abiuravo
crepitare	crepitasse
sciogliersi	vi sciogliate
radioguidare	radioguidate
prorompere	proruppe
sfavillare	sfavillassimo
ritenersi	ti ritenga
ovariectomizzare	ovariectomizzante
ammencire	ammenciscano
sgarrare	sgarrerebbero
cabotare	cabotate
smascellare	smascellano
drizzare	drizzi
smallare	smallarono
liquefare	liquefecero
desalinizzare	desalinizzate
infrascare	infrascate
sciacquarsi	ci sciacquiamo
commerciare	commerci
tramutare	tramutare
ingorgare	ingorgavano
metamorfosare	metamorfosavi
strippare	strippante
damare	damavi
ossequiare	ossequiereste
tornarsene	ve ne tornaste
stasarsi	vi stasereste
individuarsi	si individuano
sacrificarsi	ti sacrificheresti
straripare	straripassimo
bighellare	bighellate
sussidiare	sussidi
scoperchiare	scoperchiavamo
iniziare	iniziate
addomandare	addomandi
carbonare	carboniamo
proletarizzare	proletarizzeremo
incerare	inceri
rabbuiarsi	ti rabbuiasti
coniugarsi	ci coniughiamo
svergognare	svergogni
sbardare	sbardassimo
sbaraccare	sbaracchi
ranzare	ranzate
masturbare	masturberò
calettare	caletti
casualizzare	casualizzante
volere	vorranno
disavvezzarsi	si disavvezzerebbe
sbollentare	sbollenti
soppesare	soppeserete
sciabordare	sciabordiamo
storpiarsi	storpiati
giacere	giacerei
estivare	estivereste
inflettere	inflettereste
rifare	rifate
ciclostilare	ciclostilassero
solfitare	solfiti
alludere	alludere
bandire	bandirono
infatuarsi	ti infatuerai
ottimalizzare	ottimalizzavano
verminare	vermino
gozzovigliare	gozzovigliavate
acquietare	acquieta
deossigenare	deossigenerà
raccendere	racceso
dissiparsi	vi dissipereste
ravvilupparsi	si ravviluppò
idrogenare	idrogenasti
incipriare	incipria
raccordarsi	vi raccordate
truccarsi	si truccassero
figliare	figlierei
affaticare	affaticate
spiattellare	spiattellavo
decretare	decreti
abbadare	abbadano
raddoppiare	raddoppiaste
disobbligarsi	disobbligatevi
accavallare	accavallereste
riazzuffarsi	si riazzufferanno
demarcare	demarcaste
infiocchettare	infiocchetteresti
farfugliare	farfugliate
ristabilire	ristabilisce
ritornarsene	te ne ritorni
incorrere	incorrerebbero
ritrasformare	ritrasformino
depressurizzare	depressurizzassimo
stralunare	stralunereste
scoppiettare	scoppietterete
ingolfarsi	si ingolferebbe
dissotterrare	dissotterrasse
glamourizzare	glamourizzerà
garrire	garrì
camerare	camerino
corteggiare	corteggiato
imbustare	imbusto
ingioiellare	ingioiellarono
riscommettere	riscommetto
desacralizzare	desacralizzato
agghindarsi	agghindatevi
fraseggiare	fraseggereste
meriare	merierebbe
disorganizzare	disorganizzare
stipulare	stipulante
sconfortarsi	mi sconforti
rivelarsi	ci riveleremo
avvizzire	avvizziranno
ginnare	ginnato
ammortizzare	ammortizzava
pronunciare	pronunciate
manifestare	manifestarono
patinare	patineresti
schizzettare	schizzettavate
striminzire	striminzire
delineare	delineeremmo
smadonnare	smadonni
idrolizzare	idrolizziamo
ramingare	ramingava
gloriare	gloriamo
remigare	remigo
polverizzare	polverizzerei
verdeggiare	verdeggerei
indugiare	indugiando
ambientare	ambientavi
sgobbare	sgobberai
avviticchiare	avviticchi
alimentarsi	ti alimenti
adirarsi	ci adiriamo
inneggiare	inneggerà
denigrare	denigrassero
scatarrare	scatarrammo
incordarsi	ti incordasti
reinsediare	reinsedierà
zufolare	zufolava
accartocciarsi	ti accartoccerai
ammendare	ammendò
riputare	riputi
rincingere	rincingemmo
piagnucolare	piagnucolassi
prorompere	prorompano
travestirsi	vi travestireste
inturgidire	inturgidireste
disattivare	disattivi
addolcirsi	vi addolciste
esercire	eserciva
riproporsi	vi riproponeste
osservare	osserva
polverizzare	polverizzi
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzassero
svergolare	svergolavo
prolassare	prolasserei
imbozzimare	imbozzima
pugnare	pugniate
uncinare	uncinato
incassare	incassavate
rimbiondire	rimbiondisca
adibire	adibissi
imbevere	imbevereste
instupidire	instupidivamo
madrigaleggiare	madrigaleggi
rimescolare	rimescoli
rimpicciolirsi	ti rimpicciolivi
ubicare	ubicate
allucinare	allucini
ratificare	ratificherei
dettare	dettai
disviarsi	ti disvi
riattaccare	riattaccate
giurarsi	mi giurerò
pervertire	pervertire
affascinare	affascinassero
tentennare	tentennato
infagottarsi	mi infagottai
ripensare	ripenserai
zoppare	zoppaste
spassare	spassi
prepigmentare	prepigmentiate
cariare	carieresti
scannare	scanni
coacervare	coacervante
patrocinare	patrocinavo
tallonare	tallonassero
dissociare	dissociaste
vocabolarizzare	vocabolarizzassimo
vigilare	vigilavano
smerciare	smerciate
battersi	vi batterete
bistrare	bistriamo
dissaldare	dissaldo
corrodere	corrodemmo
criticarsi	ti critichi
rugghiare	rugghierà
sforacchiare	sforacchieremo
ricandidare	ricandidai
impostare	impostato
squarciarsi	squarciarsi
rammodernare	rammodernammo
sfrecciare	sfrecci
transitare	transitaste
staccare	staccò
acchiocciolare	acchiocciolano
tracannare	tracannerò
strombazzare	strombazzaste
smemorare	smemorerebbero
pregiarsi	vi pregereste
ravvalorare	ravvaloraste
tartufare	tartufando
spennacchiare	spennacchiai
cospargersi	si cospargono
assembiare	assembino
grippare	grippa
disquisire	disquisiscano
amputare	amputato
riassestare	riassesteresti
respondere	respondiamo
sforare	sfora
risolare	risolaste
squittire	squittisca
pacciamare	pacciameresti
disproporzionare	disproporzionavamo
rinormalizzare	rinormalizzeresti
molleggiarsi	vi molleggiaste
arguire	arguiscono
bersagliare	bersaglino
diminuire	diminuiva
raddoppiare	raddoppiammo
largheggiare	largheggiano
equilibrarsi	mi equilibro
trottare	trottavano
pronunziare	pronunzino
rinnamorarsi	rinnamorantesi
infilare	infileresti
cavarsela	se la cavò
insellare	insellano
disattivare	disattivò
affigliare	affigliare
aderire	aderivano
ricombinare	ricombinasse
cartonare	cartonavano
accasarsi	ti accasassi
arieggiare	arieggiassi
suddistinguere	suddistingue
esibire	esibiamo
sgraffignare	sgraffignavano
rinfocolarsi	si rinfocolassero
attribuirsi	ci attribuissimo
teorizzare	teorizzassi
xerocopiare	xerocopierà
disincagliarsi	disincagliati
cannibalizzare	cannibalizzavano
sostentare	sostentaste
inebetire	inebetisca
imbrillantinare	imbrillantini
rinvenire	rinvennero
riverire	riverendo
novellare	novellavo
televedere	televedrete
forwardare	forwardò
dissodare	dissodassimo
arruvidire	arruvidirete
accartocciare	accartocceresti
sciorinare	sciorinerei
rivelare	riveli
smembrare	smembrare
rimpinguare	rimpinguava
riassorbirsi	ti riassorbissi
smobiliare	smobiliavi
raccapezzare	raccapezzeresti
dispergere	dispergereste
costicchiare	costicchiamo
riconoscere	riconoscete
irrigidire	irrigidirò
rastremarsi	vi rastremate
arrochire	arrochisca
sgretolare	sgretoleranno
scaraventarsi	si scaraventavano
scingere	scingono
disincantare	disincantassero
affrenellare	affrenellerebbero
acuirsi	ti acuisci
affittire	affittirà
ginnare	ginni
ammassarsi	mi ammassai
ricingere	ricingete
impermeabilizzare	impermeabilizzassimo
sbreccare	sbreccavamo
martellinare	martellinante
amputare	amputante
bistrare	bistravi
porcellanare	porcellanavi
bronzare	bronzassimo
aombrare	aombrereste
stilettare	stilettate
straviziare	stravizi
piantumare	piantumeresti
scongelarsi	si scongelasse
autoalimentarsi	si autoalimenterebbero
scollinare	scollinerò
vendicarsi	vendichiamoci
immischiare	immischieranno
smonacare	smonachi
sborrare	sborriamo
stufare	stuferesti
convertire	converti
fottersi	si fottessero
spogliarsi	si spoglia
guaiolare	guaiolavo
cablare	cabli
verminare	vermineresti
rimbecillire	rimbecilliste
universalizzarsi	universalizziamoci
lisciare	liscereste
barcamenarsi	si barcamenerebbero
boriarsi	si boriassero
autotrapiantare	autotrapiantiamo
ansimare	ansimai
infilzare	infilzate
monitorizzare	monitorizzerebbero
impicciolire	impicciolendo
spumare	spumiamo
conficcare	conficcherai
ballare	ballereste
rivelarsi	ti rivelavi
riconfigurare	riconfigura
contraffare	contraffacente
proporsi	vi proponiate
degustare	degustiamo
lodarsi	ci lodassimo
accommiatare	accommiaterai
sensibilizzare	sensibilizzerà
disaggregarsi	si disaggregheranno
alare	alereste
spengersi	si spengano
scempiare	scempiamo
demodulare	demodulavamo
decriminalizzare	decriminalizzerete
pralinare	pralineranno
sclerare	sclererebbero
prenotare	prenotavano
inorgoglirsi	ci inorgogliamo
purificare	purificasse
rassegnare	rassegnante
spegnersi	ti spegneresti
scandire	scandiamo
rioccuparsi	si rioccuparono
sistematizzare	sistematizzate
ustionare	ustiona
squinternare	squinterna
sfuggire	sfuggi
beffare	befferete
stringere	stringerete
smutandarsi	smutandantesi
imbudellare	imbudellavate
pontificare	pontifichi
connotare	connoterebbe
impaludarsi	mi impaluderei
giudicarsi	ci giudicheremo
durare	duro
conciliarsi	si concili
innamorarsi	si innamora
strutturarsi	si strutturino
isterilirsi	si isterilisse
riposizionarsi	ti riposizioni
pasturare	pasturiamo
equiparare	equiparasse
svisare	svisato
mentirsi	mi mentii
rateare	rateai
spazzare	spazzato
disobbligarsi	ti disobbligasti
correggersi	ci correggevamo
ribaltare	ribaltarono
conchiudere	conchiudessi
riattivare	riattiva
smozzicare	smozzicato
infioccare	infioccato
graziare	graziavi
finlandizzare	finlandizzassimo
ripromettersi	si ripromettano
disunirsi	disunirsi
abrogare	abrogò
sedare	sedino
smarcarsi	ti smarcheresti
alchimizzare	alchimizzava
intabaccare	intabaccai
sperticarsi	ci spertichiamo
volvere	volva
termostatare	termostatano
accasare	accasava
confiscare	confischi
islamizzare	islamizzando
scherzare	scherzerai
arroventarsi	mi arroventerò
presapere	presaprò
avvinghiare	avvinghi
svagare	svagaste
acclarare	acclariate
infrapporre	infrapporremmo
spararsi	ti spareresti
direzionare	direzionavano
ghermire	ghermiscano
scansare	scansassi
rappresentare	rappresenterai
solfeggiare	solfeggi
solforare	solfori
vicitare	viciterai
impigrire	impigrisci
giocare	giochi
ornare	orniamo
alleggiare	alleggino
univerbare	univerberemo
sclerosare	sclerosiate
coltellare	coltellereste
estendersi	vi estendeste
aggranchire	aggranchireste
salvaguardarsi	si salvaguardavano
allarmarsi	ti allarmasti
divezzare	divezzò
consumare	consumassimo
devolvere	devolveva
lussureggiare	lussureggiava
scalfire	scalfissero
attoscare	attoscheresti
mandrinare	mandrineranno
arbitrare	arbitrerete
forwardare	forwardavi
avvolgere	avvolgente
rinfrescarsi	ci rinfrescammo
scombussolare	scombussolò
guazzare	guazzasse
ristilizzare	ristilizzarono
ravvalorare	ravvaloro
sballottare	sballotterebbero
scacciare	scacciassero
accumunare	accumunavo
giocarsi	giocati
rogare	rogò
inchiavardare	inchiavardava
espungere	espungiamo
micronizzare	micronizzano
investigare	investigai
listare	listavi
imboscare	imboscò
agganciarsi	si aggancerà
sospettare	sospettò
familiarizzarsi	ti familiarizzasti
sedurre	sedurrà
sperare	spera
potenziare	potenziato
esiliarsi	si esilierà
tabuizzare	tabuizzare
transennare	transennavano
scompisciarsi	vi scompisciate
scialare	scialavo
arringare	arringhiate
esiliare	esiliai
annidarsi	ci annidiamo
sfondare	sfondate
riaccreditare	riaccrediti
scoiare	scoino
vendemmiare	vendemmiamo
pigiare	pigiavi
amplificare	amplificherà
smerlare	smerlate
trascrivere	trascrive
demonetizzare	demonetizzerà
cacciarsi	si caccerebbe
proletarizzarsi	si proletarizzò
veggiare	veggereste
ridiventare	ridiventaste
aggraffare	aggrafferesti
tramortire	tramortisca
desquamarsi	ci desquamiamo
acutizzarsi	acutizzandosi
esulcerare	esulcerino
sapersi	si sapeva
chiarire	chiarivano
regolarsi	ti regolassi
aderizzare	aderizzare
originarsi	ci origineremmo
dissecare	dissecassi
rotolarsi	si rotolarono
acromatizzare	acromatizzò
annidarsi	si annideranno
caggiare	caggio
affacchinare	affacchineremmo
sganciarsi	mi sgancerò
reimbarcarsi	mi reimbarco
obiurgare	obiurgheranno
sbrogliare	sbroglia
vederci	visto
declamare	declamino
condiscendere	condiscendevamo
dedicare	dedichereste
sudarsi	vi sudaste
lesinare	lesiniamo
agguantare	agguantante
riscegliere	riscelsi
scaturire	scaturirete
manutenere	manuterranno
congiungere	congiungendo
chiodare	chiodassi
sensibilizzare	sensibilizzassero
piccare	piccato
costicchiare	costicchi
ciangottare	ciangotterebbe
scocciare	scoccerebbero
panare	panavi
dolorare	dolorasse
bruscare	bruscherete
autodeterminarsi	si autodeterminino
autogiustificarsi	ci autogiustificassimo
abbioccarsi	ti abbioccassi
intisichire	intisichiste
riavventarsi	mi riavventerei
spararsi	mi sparai
clivare	clivante
spolettare	spoletta
drappeggiarsi	vi drappeggiaste
sbracciarsi	vi sbracciate
ducere	duciamo
brontolare	brontolavate
insanguinarsi	si insanguinassero
aduggiare	aduggino
ricetrasmettere	ricetrasmettevamo
cartolarizzare	cartolarizzi
addimorare	addimorassimo
conclamare	conclami
gonfiare	gonfiare
zuppare	zupperebbero
nascondere	nascosi
annusarsi	si annusasse
assembiare	assembiamo
aspettarsi	aspettatevi
disindustrializzare	disindustrializzaste
arrisicare	arrisicano
perdersi	ti perdessi
congegnare	congegneresti
dinamizzare	dinamizzato
contraddistinguere	contraddistinguerebbero
censurare	censuriamo
deacidificare	deacidificante
acciambellare	acciambelliamo
lordarsi	ci lorderemmo
sgrammaticare	sgrammaticassi
baciare	baciassi
appigliarsi	mi appiglierei
sporre	sporrebbero
etimologizzare	etimologizzasti
ammettere	ammettere
fonologizzare	fonologizzeremmo
sciabicare	sciabichi
ripartirsi	si ripartirebbero
carezzarsi	si carezzò
agguantare	agguantavamo
appuntire	appuntivi
nitratare	nitrateresti
arroventarsi	mi arroventerei
brillantare	brillantiamo
usufruire	usufruisti
innestare	innestava
decuocere	decuocemmo
intercalare	intercaleremo
disidratare	disidratammo
inguainare	inguainare
traporre	traponessi
licenziare	licenziando
girellare	girelleranno
ammoscire	ammoscissi
umiliarsi	si umiliavano
aggrondare	aggrondare
preriscaldare	preriscaldassi
rasentare	rasenti
riallacciare	riallaccio
accaneggiare	accaneggerebbe
allettare	alletti
vetrificare	vetrificava
muovere	moveva
patire	patiate
dischiedere	dischiediate
volantinare	volantinerebbero
depotenziare	depotenzino
incresparsi	mi increspo
attendarsi	si attendasse
sottoalimentare	sottoalimenti
disincrostare	disincrostavate
ripitturare	ripitturavamo
estradare	estradato
catalizzare	catalizzerai
risuscitare	risuscitassimo
paragonarsi	vi paragonaste
luccicare	luccicherebbero
imbrunire	imbrunisca
imbrunire	imbruniremo
aggirare	aggiravate
acciucchire	acciucchisci
compenetrare	compenetrino
somministrare	somministrano
ricommettere	ricommetteresti
telefonarsi	ti telefonassi
ammoscire	ammoscite
crocefiggere	crocefiggeremo
prepensionarsi	si prepensionò
mortificare	mortificaste
prenotare	prenotaste
impugnare	impugnasti
strippare	strippi
sgraffiare	sgraffieresti
riguardarsi	ti riguardavi
autogestirsi	vi autogestivate
impappinare	impappinerebbero
opacizzare	opacizzaste
radazzare	radazzeremo
decretare	decretiamo
brunire	brunite
deprezzare	deprezzeresti
assembrare	assembrarono
emungere	emungessimo
interrogare	interrogassi
ammanierare	ammanieassi
incaprettare	incaprettereste
surrogarsi	mi surrogherei
gazare	gazasse
prepensionare	prepensionava
sudarsi	si sudasse
traslare	traslassimo
decomporre	decomponessero
accumularsi	si accumulerebbe
impoltronire	impoltroniremo
ommettere	ommettevi
carbonizzare	carbonizzasse
decapitare	decapitasse
ciattare	ciattando
slogare	slogaste
istituirsi	ti istituisti
morsicare	morsicasti
domare	domi
intendersi	mi intenderei
insospettirsi	si insospettirà
impetrare	impetreremmo
solidarizzare	solidarizzò
picconare	picconeranno
affissare	affissasse
incappottarsi	si incappottino
spilluzzicare	spilluzzicai
sgommare	sgommino
moderarsi	ti moderi
dilavare	dilavaste
rifermarsi	si rifermarono
ingobbirsi	ci ingobbiremo
autocandidarsi	ci autocandidavamo
picconare	picconò
dilatare	dilatarono
lesinare	lesiniate
costringersi	costretto
appinzare	appinzarono
strepitare	strepiterete
riadoperare	riadoperate
caramellizzare	caramellizzereste
sfittare	sfittasse
convenire	converremo
cristallizzare	cristallizza
guarnire	guarniremo
scolorirsi	si scoloriscano
piluccare	piluccai
sovrapporre	sovrapposi
contristarsi	si contristava
fosforilare	fosforilai
orrare	orrerai
approssimarsi	vi approssimiate
congestionare	congestioni
spampinare	spampinando
intossicarsi	ti intossicherai
tradire	tradiste
sfibrare	sfibrato
riabituare	riabituereste
rimangiarsi	vi rimangiaste
dissestare	dissestate
divagarsi	mi divago
predare	prederemmo
intaccare	intaccaste
conformarsi	ci conformeremo
socchiudere	socchiuderei
vitalizzare	vitalizzavi
incanalare	incanalerei
smerlare	smerli
sfarinarsi	ci sfarineremmo
rincrudire	rincrudiremmo
struccarsi	struccato
ravvedersi	vi ravvedete
torcersi	si torcerà
rappattumare	rappattumeremo
arrocare	arrochino
tripartire	tripartisce
smerlare	smerlerebbero
affidarsi	vi affidiate
temprare	tempraste
proporzionare	proporzioni
incipriare	incipriai
svigorirsi	mi svigorissi
boxare	boxiamo
riparlare	riparliamo
ravvolgere	ravvolgano
andicappare	andicappassi
rattrappire	rattrappente
traslare	traslaste
gramolare	gramolando
framettere	frametta
incarnirsi	ci incarnimmo
deregolamentare	deregolamentasti
ulcerarsi	ulcerato
ristruggere	ristruggiate
maschiare	maschiò
fendere	fendeva
risconvolgere	risconvolgevo
reinnestare	reinnestassi
zoppare	zoppino
ubbidire	ubbidiremo
rifarsi	ci rifacciamo
infurbirsi	infurbiamoci
provincializzare	provincializziamo
azzittire	azzittiremo
contattare	contattereste
disilludere	disilluda
annasare	annasano
dimerizzare	dimerizzereste
difettare	difettassero
affiancare	affianchiate
abominare	abominaste
perdere	perdono
cuocere	cuociano
scorcire	scorcirebbe
strutturalizzare	strutturalizzi
eterificare	eterificherebbero
camuffare	camuffate
rifasciare	rifasciammo
infischiarsene	me ne infischi
editare	editi
tagliarsi	tagliarsi
coagulare	coaguli
straboccare	straboccheremo
gassificare	gassificasse
accontentare	accontentavate
annientare	annienti
ricreare	ricreate
uggire	uggirono
sferruzzare	sferruzzavano
insospettire	insospettiate
ridiscutere	ridiscuteresti
allentare	allenterei
sottopagare	sottopagasti
dissaldare	dissalderanno
riscattare	riscattavamo
avampare	avampasse
allocchire	allocchiate
recludere	recludano
vaticinare	vaticinino
affratellarsi	si affratellino
rincappare	rincappavano
rinfagottare	rinfagotta
giustiziare	giustiziato
favellare	favellassi
tepefare	tepefacciamo
tematizzare	tematizzereste
affaticarsi	ci affaticammo
inquietare	inquieta
rincoraggiare	rincoraggiassi
avventurare	avventurammo
rapire	rapisca
acciaiare	acciaio
dovere	dovrebbero
volturare	voltureremo
baloccare	baloccava
appressarsi	appressiamoci
riannunciare	riannunciò
studiacchiare	studiacchiasse
riferire	riferisci
prudere	prudevi
rischiararsi	vi rischiaraste
umiliarsi	si umili
sermoneggiare	sermoneggiato
indisporre	indisponete
attorcigliare	attorciglierebbero
tramutare	tramutasti
liberalizzare	liberalizzi
pavoneggiarsi	si pavoneggerebbe
nazificare	nazifichiamo
svillaneggiarsi	ci svillaneggiammo
innestarsi	ci innesteremmo
registrarsi	registrati
incriminarsi	si incriminerebbero
rinfrangere	rinfrangeranno
schiacciarsi	mi schiacciai
borbottare	borbotterei
impiccarsi	ci impiccheremmo
ricingere	ricingessi
apostrofare	apostrofasse
variare	variassimo
reprimersi	ci reprimemmo
brindare	brindaste
adagiarsi	mi adagiassi
soggiogare	soggiogheresti
diagrammare	diagrammasti
intramettere	intramettessimo
impastare	impastavo
panare	panò
sottendere	sottendevano
sconfiggere	sconfiggi
bersi	ti bevessi
fossilizzare	fossilizzi
realizzare	realizzasti
stralciare	stralciano
forare	forerete
evacuare	evacuassimo
martirizzare	martirizzaste
esortare	esorti
soscrivere	soscrivesse
raggrinzire	raggrinzirà
occasionare	occasioni
passare	passò
addomandare	addomandino
capacitare	capaciti
spingersi	spingentesi
scodare	scodassi
schiarire	schiarite
scadenzare	scadenzassimo
proteggersi	ci proteggevamo
attrarre	attragga
cavarsi	cavatevi
classare	classassimo
oppiare	oppio
sbruffare	sbruffando
basarsi	si baserebbero
rodare	rodante
impresciuttire	impresciuttisci
denaturalizzare	denaturalizzeresti
scomporsi	mi scomporrò
azzerare	azzerò
pensare	penseranno
configurarsi	configurarsi
affaticarsi	ti affatichi
appastare	appastai
smallare	smallo
ravvoltolare	ravvoltolavo
spugnare	spugnerebbero
ridefinire	ridefinisci
sventrare	sventrano
disselciare	disselci
rifare	rifatto
stringersi	stringiti
atrovarsi	vi atroverete
inchinarsi	ci inchineremo
restituirsi	si restituirebbero
ingolosirsi	ci ingolosiamo
ergersi	ti ergeresti
scalzarsi	scalzarsi
disossare	disossano
laudare	laudassimo
svolare	svoleranno
squarciare	squarciante
sprovvedere	sprovvedremmo
pitturare	pitturerete
rimbeccarsi	si rimbeccano
infliggere	infliggere
gettonare	gettonerò
allargare	allargherei
perpetuarsi	si perpetuasse
reciprocare	reciprocavi
sedimentarsi	mi sedimenterei
pervertire	pervertirono
addormentare	addormentarono
lisciare	lisciai
spazieggiare	spazieggiavano
pentirsi	ci pentiremo
propellere	propellendo
decomporsi	ci decomporremmo
ipertrofizzare	ipertrofizziamo
incespicare	incespicherai
riunirsi	vi riuniste
nominalizzare	nominalizzeremo
riproporre	riproponeste
fracassarsi	vi fracassavate
ricostruirsi	si ricostruivano
chiarire	chiarirai
coppellare	coppellino
spaziare	spaziante
macchiettare	macchietterà
intossicare	intossicherebbe
incriminarsi	ti incriminavi
autocommiserarsi	mi autocommisererei
sgraffignare	sgraffignasti
martellinare	martellini
sfogarsi	ti sfogassi
concepire	concepisco
sopire	sopente
piagare	piagasti
controventare	controventeremo
disserrare	disserri
levarsi	si leva
scribacchiare	scribacchi
sollevare	sollevasti
putrefarsi	putrefarsi
alludere	allusero
munirsi	ti muniresti
accontentarsi	ci accontentassimo
ferirsi	si ferirebbero
riaffermare	riaffermeremmo
moraleggiare	moraleggiano
scovare	scovava
contrapporsi	ti contrapporresti
pagaiare	pagaiate
numerizzare	numerizzante
igienizzare	igienizzerò
inerire	inerente
inviluppare	inviluppasti
buffare	buffa
baipassare	baipasserò
disonorare	disonorare
raffreddarsi	si raffredderà
inturgidirsi	vi inturgidivate
disormeggiare	disormeggeremmo
ripartirsi	ci ripartivamo
accanalare	accanalo
saltabeccare	saltabeccherai
attentare	attentino
repertare	reperti
espugnare	espugni
scongelarsi	mi scongelavo
traguardare	traguardavi
insozzarsi	si insozzi
pacare	paca
abradere	abraso
corrodersi	mi corrodo
ridotare	ridota
balenare	balenano
ravvisare	ravvisasse
crespare	cresparono
ricoprirsi	ricoperto
negligere	negligevo
sbellicarsi	si sbellicheranno
fruire	fruiranno
concordare	concorderemo
danzare	danzate
pluralizzare	pluralizzi
salassare	salassò
resettare	resettiate
regredire	regredireste
stupefarsi	mi stupefacessi
traghettare	traghetti
interagire	interagiranno
affralire	affralito
arretrare	arretrerebbero
riprogrammare	riprogrammiate
concitare	concitaste
sfogliare	sfoglino
demolire	demolirà
ridonare	ridonate
incancherire	incancheriscono
spulciare	spulciassi
accostumarsi	ti accostumeresti
addivenire	addivenga
ammantellare	ammantelleremo
velarizzare	velarizzi
performare	performeranno
fumarsela	se la fumò
grufolare	grufolerebbe
disossidare	disossidavo
spegnare	spegnassi
volersi	vi voleste
occludere	occludeste
placare	plachiate
richiedere	richiedevate
finanziare	finanzieranno
inturgidirsi	mi inturgidissi
dirozzare	dirozzasti
compitare	compiti
campionare	campionerai
smottare	smotto
avviluppare	avviluppasse
disacidire	disacidiresti
quotizzare	quotizzando
isolarsi	ci isoleremmo
ritrasferire	ritrasferivate
terrificare	terrificassero
caricaturare	caricaturiamo
sovrintendere	sovrintendono
cronicizzarsi	cronicizzati
prenotarsi	vi prenotaste
disanimare	disanimiamo
univerbare	univerbassimo
contemplare	contemplino
incoronare	incoronerò
sfagiolare	sfagioliate
pompare	pompaste
ciabattare	ciabattano
informarsi	informato
trasportare	trasportiamo
indirizzarsi	si indirizzerebbe
lattare	lattarono
congregare	congregare
replicarsi	vi replicavate
annaffiare	annaffierai
lignificarsi	si lignificasse
danzare	danzaste
avviare	avviamo
intelare	intelavo
menomare	menomarono
inglobare	ingloberebbero
certificare	certificherete
negare	negheresti
smentirsi	vi smentiate
impolparsi	impolpiamoci
dividersi	vi dividevate
improsciuttire	improsciuttissi
riguardarsi	ci riguardiamo
scatenarsi	ci scatenavamo
dileguarsi	ci dileguassimo
schernire	schernisse
inflettere	inflettano
coniugare	coniugavate
versarsi	vi versaste
screpolarsi	vi screpolaste
allottare	allottate
risommare	risommino
chiamarsi	si chiama
remixare	remixarono
diazotare	diazotato
sfagiolare	sfagiolai
perscrutare	perscrutasse
congetturare	congetturaste
risistemare	risistemassi
riespellere	riespellevamo
riacutizzare	riacutizzerai
squittire	squittireste
menomare	menomai
drappeggiare	drappeggerei
sacrificarsi	mi sacrificai
correggere	corregga
prenderle	le prendeva
scimmiottare	scimmiottereste
slungare	slunghi
smaniare	smaniate
costernare	costerna
defacciare	defacciasse
foracchiare	foracchiava
sostantivare	sostantiviate
sfavorire	sfavoriscano
annettersi	vi annettete
informicolarsi	ci informicoliamo
appuntellare	appuntellava
radere	radi
interfacciarsi	si interfacciarono
satellizzare	satellizziamo
albeggiare	albeggiò
raggiustare	raggiustante
spaginare	spaginarono
screpolare	screpolerebbe
ammatassare	ammatassai
spegnare	spegnava
pigliare	piglieremo
cofondare	cofonderanno
esistere	esisterebbe
spretarsi	vi spretate
nascondersi	ti nascondessi
convincere	convincete
ripesare	ripeso
partizionare	partizionerei
comperare	comperasti
slavizzare	slavizziamo
gelatinizzarsi	si gelatinizzerebbero
appercepire	appercepivi
ricomunicare	ricomunicò
rinforzarsi	si rinforzava
sconfortarsi	sconfortarsi
elettrocoagulare	elettrocoagulavamo
monumentalizzare	monumentalizzerò
arieggiare	arieggi
punirsi	punendosi
macchinare	macchinerei
penare	penano
affuocare	affuochiate
ammodernizzare	ammodernizziamo
ingerire	ingerito
affienare	affieneremmo
incidere	incidiate
obnubilarsi	vi obnubiliate
accapricciare	accapricciavi
sviare	svieresti
infreddolirsi	mi infreddolirei
tonsurare	tonsurerai
spazientire	spazientiste
calunniare	calunniai
sostenere	sosteniamo
vengiare	vengi
infangarsi	infangato
impiumarsi	si impiumeranno
controbattere	controbatterebbero
sollecitare	solleciti
sottostimare	sottostimo
scavare	scavassimo
riconfigurare	riconfigurino
reintegrarsi	mi reintegravo
fraintendere	fraintendono
incasinare	incasinassero
rispegnere	rispegnete
satireggiare	satireggiassimo
denominare	denominerò
spalmarsi	si spalma
intensificare	intensificate
aggiogare	aggiogando
racchiudere	racchiuda
convivere	conviviate
preferire	preferisca
vessare	vessate
scusarsi	vi scusiate
ricacciare	ricaccerebbero
risecare	risechi
ufficializzare	ufficializzaste
accollarsi	si accolla
formalizzare	formalizzeresti
ostracizzare	ostracizza
corrompersi	ti corromperesti
sovrascorrere	sovrascorsero
accerchiellare	accerchiellammo
zeppare	zepperanno
piroettare	piroetta
smembrare	smembrate
tarmarsi	si tarmi
virgoleggiare	virgoleggeresti
pendere	penderemo
rappresentarsi	si rappresentino
margottare	margottiate
strattonarsi	ci strattoniamo
cornificare	cornifichi
spelacchiare	spelacchi
transcrivere	transcrivente
fruire	fruiremmo
saldarsi	vi saldaste
scantonare	scantonammo
inframettere	inframettessero
accarnare	accarniamo
valersi	ci varremmo
agguerrire	agguerriva
alcoolizzare	alcoolizzeresti
indossare	indossassero
stroppiare	stroppiarono
riconfermarsi	si riconfermò
rivedersi	rivedendosi
squilibrare	squilibrante
vanire	vanisti
guastarsi	mi guastavo
promozionare	promozioni
coesistere	coesistiate
sdrucirsi	si sdrucisca
handicappare	handicappò
scompagnarsi	vi scompagnavate
fruire	fruissimo
totalizzare	totalizzasse
umanizzare	umanizzavi
scartinare	scartini
infialettare	infialettarono
stratificare	stratificassi
ingagliardire	ingagliardivamo
urinare	urinò
rammollirsi	ti rammolliresti
otturare	otturerete
shoccare	shocca
butterare	buttererà
ingagliardire	ingagliardissero
vezzeggiarsi	mi vezzeggi
combinarsi	combinandosi
ringagliardire	ringagliardendo
impaperarsi	impaperantesi
riconoscersi	mi riconosca
inargentare	inargento
impostare	impostavi
impestarsi	si impesterebbero
sfrecciare	sfrecciate
rispergere	rispergerai
stabbiare	stabbiassi
procrastinare	procrastini
scavare	scavavano
impetrare	impetreresti
arrossare	arrossano
attutare	attutavamo
filare	filiamo
infliggere	infliggeremo
adoprarsi	mi adoprerò
crittare	critteranno
badarsi	badandosi
deludersi	si deluse
multiplexare	multiplexare
comprovare	comprovavate
rinormalizzare	rinormalizzavate
impasticcarsi	impasticcatevi
impossessarsi	ti impossesseresti
sporgersi	si sporgeva
circonfulgere	circonfulga
omogenizzare	omogenizzassimo
puntellare	puntelleremo
compungere	compungevamo
sondare	sondassimo
fiscalizzare	fiscalizzate
giungere	giunga
preludiare	preludiava
scribacchiare	scribacchiarono
enfiarsi	ti enfi
ringhiare	ringhiassi
cauterizzare	cauterizzavano
mitizzare	mitizziamo
associare	associammo
piagnucolare	piagnucolereste
agglutinare	agglutiniate
ringalluzzirsi	vi ringalluzzireste
aitare	aitassero
stilettare	stilettassi
catabolizzare	catabolizzerebbero
acquetare	acquetaste
relazionare	relazioniamo
riascoltare	riascolterei
riedificare	riedificavi
rampicare	rampichi
ovattare	ovatterà
preavvertire	preavvertivate
prostrarsi	si prostrino
scindersi	mi scindevo
trarre	trai
scheletrire	scheletriscano
perequare	perequerai
spergiurare	spergiurammo
rinfiammarsi	rinfiammatevi
migliorarsi	migliorarsi
smettere	smettessero
decimare	decimerete
pimentare	pimenta
scaldarsi	ci scaldiamo
fosfatare	fosfatante
pretrattare	pretratteremmo
aggallare	aggallavate
sdraiarsi	ti sdraierai
perseverare	persevererebbe
spiegare	spiegheranno
fraternizzare	fraternizzante
funzionare	funzionare
ripercorrere	ripercorriamo
accentuarsi	accentuatevi
segare	segassi
reinscrivere	reinscriva
gemellarsi	mi gemellai
conferire	conferimmo
accommiatarsi	si accommiatasse
ridisfare	ridisfaccia
involtare	involtammo
nitratare	nitratassi
suddistinguere	suddistinse
calmare	calmavano
trapassare	trapassava
infioccare	infiocchi
scovrire	scovristi
disabilitare	disabiliterete
raccerchiare	raccerchiate
operare	opera
presidiare	presidierai
filare	filavamo
sanare	sanate
disincagliare	disincagliavano
inspessire	inspessissi
assistersi	mi assistei
autoregolamentarsi	si autoregolamenterebbe
nichelare	nichelando
gradinare	gradinassimo
istruirsi	mi istruisco
ritagliare	ritagliavano
richiedere	richiedi
industriarsi	mi industriai
protestarsi	vi protestiate
inframmettere	inframmettemmo
ammassellare	ammassellavo
circondare	circondino
arretrare	arretrerà
flagellare	flagellò
cianciare	cianci
lodare	lodo
centellare	centellammo
innestarsi	ti innesti
escoriare	escoriereste
percolare	percolerebbero
cellofanare	cellofani
scantonare	scantonai
disilludersi	si disilluderanno
decapitare	decapiti
toscanizzarsi	si toscanizzerebbero
scusarsi	ci scusassimo
bistrare	bistriamo
metodizzare	metodizzino
rimutare	rimuterei
cementare	cementeremmo
coricare	coricate
reiterare	reiteraste
stralodare	stralodi
struggere	struggere
complettere	completteranno
consacrare	consacrerebbe
riattare	riatterete
autodefinirsi	vi autodefinireste
cavitare	caviti
procreare	procreerai
pattuire	pattuiremmo
aggruppare	aggrupperai
riassettarsi	riassettantesi
infeltrire	infeltrirei
riallungare	riallungano
impaniare	impanierebbero
rimbrottare	rimbrottavamo
lordare	lorderete
tortoreggiare	tortoreggiaste
sminuire	sminuiscano
piatire	piatiate
reinserirsi	ci reinseriremmo
lineare	lineavamo
pappare	pappassi
impromettere	impromettere
proteggersi	si proteggono
sbadigliare	sbadiglieremo
ampliarsi	si amplieranno
affocare	affocassero
scandagliare	scandagliate
alleluiare	alleluiaste
incartapecorire	incartapecorissi
estraniare	estrani
inginocchiarsi	vi inginocchiavate
reincidere	reincidevate
riallargare	riallargherebbe
autogiustificarsi	autogiustificati
avviticchiarsi	si avviticchino
involgarirsi	involgarendosi
diluviare	diluviato
montarsi	si monta
rimagliare	rimaglieresti
agurare	aguravate
discucire	discuci
moccicare	moccicaste
insegnare	insegnino
ammosciare	ammoscerebbero
rateizzare	rateizzavamo
sbrigliare	sbriglieresti
brindare	brindammo
decalcare	decalcate
ravvisare	ravvisate
incartapecorire	incartapecoriva
inquietarsi	si inquieti
suddistinguere	suddistinto
desolare	desolasti
deviare	deviate
smangiare	smangiando
aerotrasportare	aerotrasportare
sdegnarsi	mi sdegni
riluttare	riluttiamo
infarcire	infarciscono
questuare	questuante
rannicchiare	rannicchiamo
arricciolare	arricciolerò
organizzare	organizzassi
francesizzare	francesizza
sogghignare	sogghignante
ramingare	ramingasse
arruffare	arruffato
tramettere	trametterà
intiepidire	intiepidirò
svinare	svinassi
spettinarsi	vi spettinaste
incurvarsi	mi incurverò
garzare	garzerei
questionare	questionarono
pulsare	pulsi
decomprimere	decomprimere
circondurre	circondurrà
preconizzare	preconizzassero
ripubblicare	ripubblicherete
anodizzare	anodizzino
ingrandirsi	si ingrandirono
insterilire	insterilito
garantirsi	ti garantiresti
svolvere	svolvente
impoppare	impoppare
appruarsi	ti appruassi
ammollarsi	ci ammolliamo
ribussare	ribussarono
accostare	accosto
appuntellare	appuntellate
frinire	frinire
bigiare	bigiassero
sfatare	sfata
incallire	incallì
virilizzare	virilizzavo
denaturarsi	si denaturino
perpetuarsi	si perpetuerebbero
circonfondere	circonfondete
prestampare	prestampaste
survoltare	survoltiamo
copiarsi	si copiassero
rivolgersi	ci rivolgeremo
mercerizzare	mercerizzaste
sostare	sostaste
aureolare	aureolassimo
riespellere	riespulsi
scapecchiare	scapecchiassimo
riprendere	riprendono
infiascare	infiascherebbero
smuovere	smovevamo
sbrigarsi	si sbrigheranno
spartire	spartente
isterilirsi	ci isterilissimo
sbozzare	sbozzeremmo
pervenire	perverrei
classicizzare	classicizzeresti
destreggiare	destreggino
specificare	specificherebbe
striminzire	striminziste
ammogliarsi	si ammogli
personificare	personifichiamo
acclarare	acclarando
poeticizzare	poeticizzasti
disapprendere	disapprendeste
annichilare	annichilate
intonarsi	si intonerebbe
sottacere	sottacendo
disvedere	disvedo
incallire	incallissi
avvignare	avvignammo
autoescludersi	ci autoescludevamo
alettare	aletterai
toppare	toppino
adombrare	adombreranno
descrivere	descrivessero
gratificare	gratificheremo
tartagliare	tartaglia
manovrare	manovravo
sovrasaturare	sovrasatureremmo
corrucciare	corrucciassimo
consociarsi	si consociò
sdebitare	sdebiterei
profittare	profittavi
prescindere	prescinderò
formicolare	formicolerebbe
strofinare	strofinante
fioccare	fiocco
ingrassare	ingrassiamo
circulare	circulando
scardare	scarderai
causare	causerei
impaurirsi	vi impauriste
spennare	spennammo
adocchiare	adocchiamo
suonare	suoneremo
fanatizzare	fanatizzaste
riutilizzare	riutilizzava
esecrare	esecrassero
verminare	verminammo
scompattare	scompattiamo
imbizzarrire	imbizzarrente
stigmatizzare	stigmatizza
sperdere	sperdessi
remixare	remixerò
raggiustarsi	ci raggiusteremmo
demoralizzare	demoralizzerebbe
disintossicarsi	mi disintossicavo
idratare	idratereste
prosciogliere	prosciolgo
cernere	cerniamo
discommettere	discommetterai
crittografare	crittografiamo
italianizzare	italianizzerai
fingersi	ci fingemmo
autoconvincersi	si autoconvincevano
perdersi	mi perdo
altalenare	altalenino
murarsi	murantesi
affliggersi	si affliggano
cifrare	cifra
scapicollarsi	mi scapicollassi
rassicurare	rassicurerei
rabuffare	rabufferanno
ossificarsi	vi ossifichereste
vagillare	vagilleremo
rosseggiare	rosseggeranno
intuire	intuimmo
alluminiare	allumini
prenderle	le presi
familiarizzare	familiarizzassimo
compravendere	compravendessi
avvalorare	avvalorassi
intarlarsi	ti intarlavi
radunare	raduni
scompagnarsi	si scompagnino
teletrasportare	teletrasporti
rinfilare	rinfiliamo
mangiarsi	mangiantesi
gonfiare	gonfi
disqualificare	disqualifichi
ingabbiare	ingabbiammo
sbottonarsi	ci sbottonammo
mutilare	mutilino
rivenire	riveniste
disossare	disossassimo
basare	baserebbero
decolonizzare	decolonizzerebbe
soverchiare	soverchierete
dissellare	dissella
stuprare	stupri
relazionare	relazioni
rigiungere	rigiungerei
reprimersi	si reprimessero
regolarizzarsi	si regolarizzerebbe
infarcire	infarcirei
intervallarsi	ci intervallassimo
desolare	desoliamo
arruncigliare	arruncigliavo
poggiare	poggiassi
stilettare	stilettavate
sbucciare	sbucci
profilare	profilavate
affamare	affama
infingardire	infingardireste
astringere	astringono
filosofeggiare	filosofeggereste
rinascere	rinascerei
godronare	godronerai
gravare	gravavi
imbrunire	imbrunirò
disfarsi	si disfacciano
rinfocolarsi	rinfocolati
stropicciarsi	si stropicci
adergere	adergerà
cintare	cintato
lisarsi	si lisava
caolinizzare	caolinizzaste
computare	computavano
crepitare	crepiterei
nidificare	nidificano
salificare	salifichiate
frustrare	frustra
riabbracciare	riabbracciarono
ciampicare	ciampicare
voltarsi	si volta
crocifiggersi	ti crocifiggesti
energizzare	energizzasse
scalzare	scalzava
prediligere	prediligere
recludere	recluderebbero
pulirsi	mi pulivo
spodestare	spodestiamo
alcolizzare	alcolizzaste
calmare	calmare
selezionare	selezionava
dormirci	ci dorma
abbozzare	abbozzano
formulare	formuli
precostituire	precostituisca
riaccordare	riaccorderebbero
inghiaiare	inghiaiavo
vivificarsi	vivificati
insaldare	insaldare
impolverarsi	si impolverano
autodenunciarsi	si autodenuncino
rigettare	rigettavano
costruirsi	si costruì
disimpegnare	disimpegnavamo
demetilare	demetilerei
derogare	deroghiamo
condolersi	mi condolevo
rimenare	rimenerebbe
erudire	erudiremmo
angolare	angoleremo
svolare	svolino
smembrare	smembrasse
intrupparsi	si intrupparono
scompaginare	scompagino
reflettere	refletta
ammoscire	ammoscirà
isolarsi	mi isolerò
imbudellare	imbudellammo
fuggire	fuggire
spompare	spomperai
controsterzare	controsterzavo
cincischiare	cincischiare
infatuare	infatuiamo
riddare	riddato
spaziare	spaziassi
testimoniare	testimoniavi
propiziarsi	ci propiziassimo
arrazzare	arrazzerebbero
infibulare	infibulerò
rigenerare	rigenerate
inchinare	inchinava
caracollare	caracollereste
rinnamorarsi	si rinnamori
esclamare	esclamammo
interlacciare	interlacciammo
sparecchiare	sparecchiavano
rammollirsi	si rammolliscano
avventare	avventiamo
indigere	indigerebbe
acquietarsi	mi acquieterei
rimanere	rimanevano
succingere	succingevo
ricombinare	ricombiniate
tesare	teseremmo
abbozzare	abbozzi
tradire	tradisce
impuntire	impuntissero
coscrivere	coscrivessero
preconfezionare	preconfezioni
racchiudere	racchiudi
piangersi	piangentesi
ricompensare	ricompensate
urinare	urini
mollarsi	vi mollereste
sgombrare	sgombrerà
bufare	bufando
licenziare	licenziaste
fioccare	fiocchi
rinserrare	rinserreresti
sbullonare	sbullonerò
alenare	aleni
giulebbarsi	si giulebbino
carteggiare	carteggerà
ringalluzzire	ringalluzziscano
legarsi	mi lego
prescegliere	prescegliessi
impuntarsi	si impuntassero
sovrautilizzare	sovrautilizzassi
erogare	erogante
rispecchiarsi	si rispecchino
sovraggiungere	sovraggiungi
disingannarsi	mi disingannai
deionizzare	deionizzasti
contraffarsi	ci contraffacessimo
inzuccare	inzucchiamo
incartare	incarti
attentare	attenti
cloroformizzare	cloroformizzato
intrufolarsi	ti intrufolavi
comprendere	comprendiate
paupulare	paupulate
identificarsi	identifichiamoci
spiralizzare	spiralizzereste
conquistarsi	si conquisterebbe
centralizzare	centralizzassi
accudire	accudisca
soffermare	soffermiamo
colmare	colmassimo
forarsi	vi foraste
afflosciare	affloscino
incorporare	incorporava
limonarsi	mi limonassi
infilzare	infilzi
prepotere	prepuò
gemmare	gemmando
riaccomodare	riaccomodi
affezionare	affezionereste
baccagliare	baccagliate
confluire	confluissi
attortigliare	attortigliammo
berciare	berciavamo
ingavonarsi	mi ingavonassi
arsicciare	arsicciavi
cadenzare	cadenzerà
defosforare	defosforerai
tributare	tributassi
scontentare	scontento
cuntare	cuntammo
disappannare	disappanniate
scagliarsi	si scaglino
merlettare	merletta
autoassemblarsi	autoassemblati
precomprimere	precomprimevo
incipriare	incipri
disilludere	disilludano
attardare	attardato
tormentarsi	tormentato
scalcinare	scalciniamo
riaccomodare	riaccomoderà
ancorare	ancorammo
acclimare	acclimerebbe
spupazzare	spupazzavate
verdicare	verdicherei
edificare	edificasti
stendersi	mi stendessi
crepare	crepate
immiserire	immiserirono
innestare	innestano
cresimarsi	ci cresimammo
sbattersi	si sbattano
raggruppare	raggruppereste
chiarirsi	ti chiarirai
cinematografare	cinematograferai
rassomigliare	rassomigliando
sgomentare	sgomentassi
fatturare	fatturino
sorpassare	sorpassa
riassicurare	riassicureremmo
rinforzarsi	rinforziamoci
disumanizzarsi	disumanizzato
incollare	incolla
cifrare	cifrai
accivettare	accivettasti
escomiare	escomiò
dogare	dogava
traghettare	traghettate
accarezzare	accarezzerebbero
avvezzarsi	si avvezzerebbe
stropicciarsene	se ne stropiccino
riscoprire	riscoprì
rimpiattarsi	ti rimpiatti
sovraffaticare	sovraffaticassi
prenderle	le prendevi
disdegnare	disdegnassimo
strappare	strappare
riservarsi	ci riserviamo
aggirarsi	si aggirasse
disperarsi	disperarsi
interporsi	mi interposi
accrespare	accrespavano
insecchire	insecchivo
distrarsi	si distrasse
subire	subisca
agguardare	agguardo
sospirare	sospirerebbe
caramellizzare	caramellizzò
dischiudere	dischiudiamo
osservare	osservaste
salvaguardarsi	mi salvaguarderei
circoscrivere	circoscriverà
impromettere	imprometti
infoibare	infoiberei
scemare	scemi
oggettualizzare	oggettualizzassimo
scollacciarsi	ti scollaccieresti
criminalizzare	criminalizzavo
addursi	si adduce
stemperare	stempereremo
sconoscere	sconoscente
privatizzare	privatizzavate
deambulare	deambulai
zampeggiare	zampeggia
vagare	vagavano
dimissionare	dimissionato
lesionare	lesioniate
sformare	sformi
archeggiare	archeggiando
avvelare	avvelaste
invenire	invengano
premonire	premonirà
inoculare	inoculeremo
eradicare	eradicassi
ridividere	ridividiamo
smaltarsi	mi smaltai
sfollare	sfolli
presiedere	presiederò
rialzare	rialzeremmo
misfare	misfacevate
ratificare	ratificherai
ridimensionarsi	ci ridimensioneremmo
brindare	brindasti
inveire	inveivamo
stremare	strema
peragrare	peragrerebbe
assaggiare	assaggeranno
putrefare	putrefaceste
sconquassarsi	si sconquasserebbero
ammezzare	ammezzi
disciplinare	disciplinato
storpiarsi	si storpieranno
pedalare	pedalerà
vaporizzarsi	ti vaporizzavi
destagionalizzare	destagionalizzerete
ravvoltolarsi	mi ravvoltolo
digitare	digitaste
commercializzare	commercializzeranno
guardarsene	se ne guardavano
ricavare	ricavino
roteare	roteaste
sillogizzare	sillogizzerete
denunziarsi	mi denunziavo
dispiegarsi	dispiegato
municipalizzare	municipalizziamo
ipertrofizzare	ipertrofizzava
pipare	pipi
nomare	nomiamo
abbriccare	abbriccherebbero
stizzire	stizzissi
propiziarsi	vi propiziate
innovarsi	vi innovaste
riservarsi	vi riservate
scatenare	scatenare
interpellare	interpelliate
elasticizzare	elasticizzavate
ammantarsi	mi ammanterei
temporeggiare	temporeggerei
intridere	intrideremmo
negare	negavate
accosciarsi	vi accoscerete
allucchettare	allucchetteremmo
riperdere	riperdesse
pacciamare	pacciamerai
ciabattare	ciabattino
salire	salirono
stressare	stressavo
terrificare	terrificheresti
ritarare	ritarasse
originarsi	ti origini
manducare	manducava
preprogrammare	preprogrammavamo
fruttificare	fruttificavano
subordinare	subordinaste
stimolare	stimola
familiarizzare	familiarizzerò
scontorcere	scontorcessimo
allargarsi	ci allarghiamo
spremere	sprememmo
spennarsi	mi spennerò
farfugliare	farfugliai
avvitare	avvitavate
premere	premeresti
premurare	premuri
apprestarsi	ti appresterai
rispettarsi	si rispetti
cognoscere	cognoscemmo
irritare	irritando
sorgiungere	sorgiungete
raddobbare	raddobbereste
incappare	incapperà
transvedere	transvide
ripiegare	ripiega
prefiggere	prefiggerei
predisporsi	si predispongano
traversare	traversavi
affacchinare	affacchini
sottacere	sottacesti
andarsene	se ne andassero
incretinire	incretinii
svaligiare	svaligi
fasciare	fasci
costituirsi	mi costituirei
specializzarsi	vi specializzate
stabaccare	stabaccassimo
dissimulare	dissimulasse
spenzolare	spenzolereste
incerare	incereremo
cooperare	cooperasti
interloquire	interloquisci
abbattersi	si abbatta
dilungarsi	ti dilungherai
bilanciarsi	bilanciatevi
riabbottonare	riabbottonavamo
votarsi	vi votaste
aggrondarsi	si aggrondano
sganasciarsi	sganasciato
incartare	incartante
sterilire	sterilisci
urgenzare	urgenzi
monopolizzare	monopolizzate
risplendere	risplendessero
appollaiarsi	ci appollaieremo
ventilare	ventilante
volatilizzarsi	ci volatilizzassimo
quietanzare	quietanzava
vendicchiare	vendicchierei
afforestare	afforestava
spassarsi	mi spassi
sfasciare	sfasciate
deidratare	deidratavano
embricarsi	si embrichi
barbarizzare	barbarizzino
punire	punisci
imputare	imputò
appuzzare	appuzzerebbero
diffrangere	diffrange
ritenersi	ci riterremmo
uccidersi	ti uccideresti
cicchettare	cicchettò
moccicare	moccichiamo
intorbidare	intorbidavano
rimpossessarsi	si rimpossessassero
stacciare	stacciaste
ricavare	ricavi
poetare	poetante
assolcare	assolco
schitarrare	schitarrassimo
mazzolare	mazzolare
specolare	specolai
transitare	transiteremmo
invenire	invenissi
disaminare	disaminassero
spompare	spomperò
spalancarsi	vi spalancate
decondizionare	decondizionerai
specializzarsi	si specializzasse
varare	varava
abbacare	abbacavamo
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzeranno
elevarsi	mi elevi
impennacchiare	impennacchierebbe
afforestare	afforestavamo
pinzare	pinzaste
sobbollire	sobbollissi
scalpellare	scalpellate
violinare	violinaste
domiciliarsi	ci domiciliamo
accoppare	accopperà
insidiare	insidiassi
tracimare	tracimeremmo
frollarsi	mi frollerò
sceverare	sceverassimo
preraffreddare	preraffredderò
accapigliare	accapigli
flettere	flettemmo
immolare	immolo
ipostatizzare	ipostatizzerebbe
saltabeccare	saltabeccasse
procurarsi	mi procurerei
rirompere	rirompa
sgovernare	sgoverneremmo
svoltare	svoltavate
infuocarsi	infuocarsi
focalizzarsi	si focalizzava
particolareggiare	particolareggi
fidecommettere	fidecommetta
scavare	scaviamo
inciuciare	inciucerei
incazzarsi	vi incazzerete
divampare	divampi
addestrare	addestreranno
adempire	adempia
predisporsi	mi predisponga
smaliziarsi	si smalizierebbe
triplicarsi	ci triplicavamo
ricommettere	ricommettiamo
taccheggiare	taccheggiammo
scialare	scialiamo
dispingere	dispingo
rincivilire	rincivilissi
aguatare	aguatiamo
eleggere	eletto
turlupinare	turlupineremo
allentare	allentate
abbruttirsi	vi abbruttiste
ricristallizzare	ricristallizzasse
sfegatarsi	ci sfegateremmo
diffrangersi	si diffrangono
rasarsi	si rasava
isomerizzare	isomerizzereste
tramezzare	tramezzaste
manipolare	manipoleremmo
addurre	addurrebbero
inforcare	inforcherei
scatarrare	scatarravo
becchettarsi	si becchetterebbe
fruire	fruissi
sanforizzare	sanforizziamo
allergizzare	allergizzassero
tassare	tassa
ostruirsi	si ostruiscono
concepire	concepivo
spernacchiare	spernacchiate
mortificare	mortificai
sedentarizzare	sedentarizzasti
vantare	vanterà
ondeggiare	ondeggiavano
deforestare	deforestassero
pervertire	pervertirà
girandolare	girandolante
cooptare	cooptassero
defosforilare	defosforili
conciare	conci
formalizzare	formalizzava
andare	andava
addursi	si adducano
rifilare	rifili
mappare	mapperebbe
badare	badi
riconvocare	riconvocheremmo
racimolare	racimolano
attorcere	attorcente
sbigottire	sbigottireste
espropriare	espropria
prorogare	prorogassi
smadonnare	smadonniamo
compiersi	compi
asserragliare	asserragliai
calandrare	calandravamo
concedere	concederemmo
vivificarsi	si vivifichi
stabilirsi	vi stabilireste
rammaricarsi	rammaricato
adocchiare	adocchiamo
compungere	compungessero
ascondere	ascondesse
tracciare	tracceresti
poltrire	poltrirebbe
virgolettare	virgolettassi
rilegare	rileghereste
spezzare	spezzò
sopporre	soppongano
annodare	annodasse
paracadutarsi	ti paracadutavi
metallizzare	metallizzino
imperlare	imperli
stiracchiare	stiracchiavano
premescolare	premescolassero
annoiarsi	ti annoierai
riabitare	riabitato
intorbidare	intorbidi
regimare	regimassi
soggiogare	soggiogherei
etossilare	etossilassero
raddobbare	raddobbassi
interrogare	interroga
riassorbirsi	si riassorba
professarsi	si professerebbe
biennalizzare	biennalizzammo
fidarsi	ti fidassi
soggiornare	soggiornavo
latineggiare	latineggi
risciacquarsi	risciacquandosi
esigere	esigessimo
sgretolarsi	ti sgretolasti
ammorbidirsi	ammorbidisciti
verificarsi	ti verificavi
autoconsumare	autoconsumavi
rinvigorirsi	ti rinvigorisci
cronicizzare	cronicizzarono
abbruciacchiare	abbruciacchi
attorcigliare	attorcigliavano
serenarsi	si serenino
infrascare	infrasca
imbucare	imbucherebbero
discantare	discanti
addottrinare	addottrinammo
fumeggiare	fumeggiate
divariare	divariammo
spiegare	spiegassi
stilizzare	stilizzeremmo
allergizzare	allergizzavano
arricciarsi	mi arriccerei
soggiungere	soggiungessi
reintervenire	reinterverreste
convenire	convenga
bastare	basti
rallentarsi	si rallentavano
sbertucciare	sbertucceremo
frizionare	frizionai
ondeggiare	ondeggi
coalizzarsi	si coalizza
inviperire	inviperiva
imbiondire	imbiondiva
immiserirsi	vi immiserireste
anestetizzare	anestetizzo
vistare	vistaste
sestuplicare	sestuplicammo
gibollare	gibollino
sofferire	sofferendo
esumare	esumereste
travedere	travedrà
coverchiare	coverchio
suscitare	suscitavo
focalizzare	focalizzai
riciclarsi	si riciclino
scapricciare	scapriccio
simbolizzare	simbolizzante
affermarsi	affermatevi
arruolare	arruola
abbisognare	abbisogni
procacciare	procacciare
appisolarsi	si appisolino
diagrammare	diagrammerò
interfacciare	interfaccerò
tumultuare	tumultui
stimolare	stimolino
duplicarsi	ci duplicheremmo
affogare	affogaste
rinculcare	rinculcavo
rimirarsi	si rimirasse
rapire	rapirebbero
scavallare	scavallammo
immusonirsi	mi immusonirei
licenziarsi	mi licenziai
connaturarsi	ci connatureremo
elettrolizzare	elettrolizzeresti
smacchiare	smacchiamo
condannarsi	condannati
riescire	riescissimo
centinare	centinavano
vergognarsi	ci vergognassimo
ottonare	ottonato
abortire	abortivate
abbattere	abbattesti
sconnettere	sconnettevano
nitratare	nitraterete
scorare	scorate
disciogliere	discioglie
graziare	graziamo
trasparere	trasparso
riannettere	riannesso
cardare	cardino
revocare	revochi
classare	classassi
sdrucciolare	sdrucciolo
intricarsi	vi intricaste
scervellarsi	ci scervellavamo
prepotere	prepotremo
proteggere	proteggerei
approvvigionare	approvvigioniate
bizantineggiare	bizantineggi
catturare	catturammo
costernare	costernate
sbandare	sbandò
accentare	accentò
comparare	comparerai
deflettere	defletteste
bannare	bannerai
rivettare	rivettò
impiantarsi	si impiantino
riciclare	riciclano
affrenare	affrenerei
legarsi	si leghino
imbrigliare	imbrigliassi
rivestirsi	ti rivestivi
infuocarsi	infuocati
scoprirsi	mi scoprii
attardarsi	si attarderà
inverdire	inverdissero
lemmatizzare	lemmatizzassi
controproporre	controproponiamo
rimodulare	rimodulavo
mandrinare	mandrineremmo
rallentarsi	vi rallentiate
sboscare	sboscassi
subaffittare	subaffittato
sbrinare	sbrinato
riscorrere	riscorrendo
interporre	interporremmo
peggiorare	peggiorate
tesserare	tesseri
spulciare	spulcino
prostrare	prostrerei
destinare	destinassero
ristabilire	ristabilivo
infistolire	infistolite
listare	listassi
trascolorarsi	ci trascolorassimo
reinnestare	reinnestammo
bivaccare	bivaccherò
corruscare	corruscavate
gratificarsi	gratificato
sfilacciarsi	ti sfilacci
giubilare	giubilerà
videoscrivere	videoscriveste
confortarsi	confortantesi
disaggregare	disaggreghino
palificare	palificherebbero
squilibrare	squilibravi
predare	prediamo
doparsi	si dopò
documentarsi	documentarsi
fronteggiarsi	si fronteggerà
istallare	istalliate
vicitare	vicitaste
telecomandare	telecomandassimo
vantarsi	vi vantate
tollerare	tollererò
ammainare	ammainate
ammoscire	ammoscito
addiacciare	addiacciamo
sguazzare	sguazzerà
vocalizzare	vocalizzavo
affienarsi	ci affienammo
disfare	disfareste
troncare	troncavamo
incuriosire	incuriosissimo
scaldarsi	si scalderebbero
assistere	assisteremo
fiorire	fiorendo
vetrioleggiare	vetrioleggeranno
calcolare	calcolereste
frammettere	frammettete
interpungere	interpunge
sfibbiare	sfibbiassimo
trasparire	traspariate
accignere	accignente
gualcire	gualcirono
spicciarsi	vi spicciavate
gualcire	gualciremmo
riesporre	riesponeste
mascherare	mascherassimo
chinizzare	chinizzerebbe
rinculcare	rinculcassimo
adoprarsi	mi adoprai
reintrodurre	reintroduciamo
antivenire	antiveniente
ibernare	ibernino
riottenere	riottenessimo
abbozzare	abbozzassi
distogliersi	ci distoglievamo
trasformarsi	trasformati
sgranocchiare	sgranocchiassi
ringagliardire	ringagliardiamo
avvitarsi	avvitarsi
ripescare	ripescai
corrucciarsi	ci corrucciammo
evangelizzare	evangelizzante
evolvere	evolve
comportare	comporti
sfalsare	sfalseresti
appacificare	appacificavano
dimenare	dimenaste
fottersi	fottiamoci
inchiostrare	inchiostro
riguardarsi	ti riguardassi
plissettare	plissetto
vagellare	vagellaste
scarrocciare	scarrocciarono
sporcarsi	sporchiamoci
figgere	figgemmo
specchiare	specchiavi
orgasmare	orgasmassimo
sbaciucchiare	sbaciucchieremmo
spazzolare	spazzolante
sembrare	sembrate
normalizzarsi	si normalizzarono
scampanare	scampanerei
discostarsi	ci discostammo
archiviare	archiviavano
islamizzare	islamizzassero
contrariarsi	mi contrarierò
disqualificare	disqualifichiate
sottomurare	sottomuriamo
georeferenziare	georeferenziò
climatizzare	climatizzavi
tallonare	tallonammo
rampollare	rampolleranno
autodenunciarsi	si autodenunciano
rispondersi	vi rispondiate
spiumare	spiumavo
fresare	fresavate
provedere	provedano
decolorare	decoloriamo
ripigliare	ripigliereste
limitare	limitiamo
orinare	orinavo
deossigenare	deossigenerò
gracidare	gracida
atrofizzarsi	si atrofizzavano
bambineggiare	bambineggiarono
dissalare	dissalerai
passire	passirai
innervosire	innervosisti
discorrere	discorri
infoscarsi	si infoscherebbero
affacciarsi	mi affacciassi
baluginare	baluginavo
rifocillarsi	vi rifocillaste
dimungere	dimunsero
suicidarsi	vi suicidereste
oppugnare	oppugneresti
incanutire	incanutirà
trafficare	trafficare
adugnare	adugnate
avvantaggiare	avvantaggiano
vergolare	vergolassimo
riaccostare	riaccostando
dedicare	dedica
appianare	appianassi
circonfluire	circonfluiscono
esigere	esigeranno
inserirsi	inserito
pietrificare	pietrificasti
testimoniare	testimoniante
imbrattare	imbratterete
reggersi	retto
scoprire	scopriste
osculare	osculereste
avvallarsi	si avvalli
prolificare	prolificammo
ammorbidirsi	mi ammorbidisco
smollicare	smollichiamo
caratterizzare	caratterizzeremo
cascare	cascherei
islamizzare	islamizzaste
stinguere	stingueste
leggersi	vi leggerete
farcire	farcisci
isterilire	isterilivate
mineralizzare	mineralizzasse
depolimerizzarsi	si depolimerizzasse
emancipare	emanciperai
affagottare	affagottato
amareggiare	amareggerete
ritrascorrere	ritrascorre
liftare	lifterei
addobbare	addobbi
asseggiare	asseggiamo
dimezzare	dimezzai
giustificare	giustificheremo
rinsaldare	rinsalderebbe
economizzare	economizzerei
restringersi	si restringa
inghirlandare	inghirlanda
carambolare	carambolate
massimare	massimammo
apprestare	appresti
rischiarare	rischiari
sprezzare	sprezzerai
perturbare	perturbassi
digitare	digitavamo
analizzare	analizzavi
invogliare	invogliavano
apprendere	apprenderebbero
fiondare	fiondasti
imputridire	imputridirò
assommare	assommiate
randomizzare	randomizzi
delineare	delineante
accotonare	accotonava
disvalere	disvalessero
foraggiare	foraggeresti
scorgere	scorga
volare	volasse
ancheggiare	ancheggiate
acchiappare	acchiapparono
incappare	incappammo
soffregare	soffreghereste
abbrutirsi	mi abbrutirò
stasare	stasasti
azzoppire	azzoppii
digiungere	digiungendo
aspirare	aspirante
scalfirsi	scalfisciti
vagabondare	vagabondavate
soggettivare	soggettivasse
perire	perisse
battersela	ce la battiamo
piagare	piagavano
acetilare	acetili
rassegnare	rassegniamo
azzopparsi	azzoppandosi
votarsi	mi voterò
sudarsi	vi sudaste
ingigantire	ingigantirebbe
contrapporsi	contrapponi
instaurarsi	ci instaureremo
sopraffare	sopraffaranno
sgomitare	sgomitasse
torcere	torcesse
appioppare	appioppammo
decadere	decadremo
dibattersi	mi dibatto
detorcere	detorcono
riunificare	riunificate
stasarsi	ti stasasti
preoccuparsi	si preoccupasse
sbudellare	sbudelli
delegificare	delegificassimo
moltiplicarsi	si moltiplicherà
denunziare	denunzia
pettinare	pettineremmo
negreggiare	negreggino
rantolare	rantolato
testimoniare	testimoniassi
influenzare	influenzavate
canticchiare	canticchiammo
appalesare	appalesavo
incartare	incartarono
ridisciogliere	ridiscioglierebbero
rificcare	rificchi
margottare	margotta
atrofizzarsi	si atrofizzino
persistere	persistano
azionare	azionano
palesare	palesi
contrabbandare	contrabbanderò
sfrucugliare	sfrucugliereste
sbarbarsi	ci sbarbiamo
arrotondare	arrotondasse
annaspare	annasperebbe
buscare	buscai
sbobinare	sbobini
spalancarsi	si spalanchino
umanarsi	vi umanaste
progettare	progetta
raccordarsi	ci raccorderemmo
avvertire	avvertano
flangiare	flangi
infornare	infornavi
intravenire	intraverrei
vaporare	vaporavate
sfeltrare	sfeltri
salificare	salificavamo
bisticciarsi	si bisticcino
aguatare	aguatava
abborrare	abborriamo
invelenire	inveleniscano
sfibrare	sfibravate
accalappiare	accalappieresti
annaspare	annasperò
prodigare	prodighiamo
sfibrare	sfibrassi
spolmonarsi	ti spolmoni
cerchiare	cerchio
arrestarsi	ci arresteremo
acchitare	acchiti
pungolare	pungoleremo
esasperarsi	mi esasperai
grigliare	grigliaste
confederare	confederi
decelerare	decelerasti
denunciare	denuncerai
questionare	questionassero
salvare	salvino
rinterrare	rinterravate
acuirsi	vi acuireste
approssimarsi	si approssimano
ribaltare	ribaltasse
scampanellare	scampanellassero
intrigarsi	si intrighi
abbigliarsi	vi abbigliaste
transfondere	transfondesse
impegolarsi	mi impegolavo
abborrare	abborrerei
ripromettere	riprometterà
accorciare	accorcia
discernere	discernemmo
salmeggiare	salmeggiammo
arrenare	arreneranno
sopraddotare	sopraddoterebbe
fomentare	fomentassi
sgranocchiare	sgranocchierebbero
ricambiarsi	vi ricambierete
proletarizzare	proletarizzino
attillare	attilli
bombare	bomba
esercire	esercirono
convolvere	convolvereste
intasare	intasavate
stangare	stanghiate
schiamazzare	schiamazzerai
estollere	estolla
frangiare	frangiano
spaurirsi	ti spaurirai
trescare	tresco
eterificarsi	si eterificava
dissellare	dissellate
sovrautilizzare	sovrautilizzerà
incazzare	incazzate
rinchiodare	rinchiodasse
librarsi	mi libravo
smascellare	smascellerebbero
tradire	tradito
accigliare	accigliassi
obiettare	obietteremmo
accumulare	accumulavano
ereditare	erediti
autotassarsi	autotassarsi
stazionare	stazionasti
ravvisare	ravviseranno
tritare	trito
disusare	disusaste
imperniare	imperniassero
trascurarsi	si trascureranno
omologarsi	si omologò
cadmiare	cadmiavamo
aggrondarsi	si aggronda
radioassistere	radioassistono
colluttare	collutterei
chilometrare	chilometrò
incentivare	incentiverai
prorompere	prorompente
prueggiare	prueggiassimo
afflosciarsi	ci afflosciassimo
sfilare	sfilammo
aviolanciare	aviolanciano
dipingersi	si dipingevano
prodigarsi	ci prodigheremo
orientare	orientante
cagionare	cagionava
satinare	satina
scontornare	scontornassi
pronunziare	pronunziarono
imbattersi	ti imbatteresti
appannare	appanno
sconficcare	sconficcheremo
arricciare	arricceremo
adibire	adibite
corrompere	corromperemo
riconsolarsi	vi riconsolaste
tumultuare	tumultuate
profferire	profferisca
manganellare	manganelli
rimotivare	rimotiverà
sfaccendare	sfaccendiamo
fronteggiare	fronteggiassi
attorcigliare	attorcigliate
dirsi	si dica
riluttare	riluttavo
ingurgitare	ingurgiti
sostare	sosti
ramare	rama
incappare	incappavamo
abdurre	abducevate
sganasciare	sganasciasse
trasvolgere	trasvolga
incipriare	incipriasti
occludere	occludessi
transitare	transitiate
sfregiare	sfregi
confrontarsi	confrontarsi
addimorare	addimorate
consorziarsi	consorziato
broccolare	broccolerete
standardizzare	standardizziamo
rilassarsi	si rilassò
blaterare	blatera
sbracare	sbracaste
guadagnarsi	ti guadagneresti
sbollentare	sbollentaste
responsabilizzare	responsabilizza
rallegrare	rallegrava
cartavetrare	cartavetra
stogliere	stoglievi
precorrere	precorra
rammemorarsi	si rammemorino
stroncare	stronca
appagare	appagherebbero
approntare	appronterei
impavesare	impaveso
buscare	buschi
allucciolare	allucciolerete
salinizzare	salinizzeremmo
emungere	emungono
spezzare	spezzino
sbigottire	sbigottirete
rimungere	rimungi
aggomitolare	aggomitolo
guardarsi	mi guardi
mixare	mixaste
cannibalizzare	cannibalizzeremmo
abbrividire	abbrividisti
sostantivarsi	mi sostantivo
ricomparire	ricomparite
sfogare	sfogaste
scaldarsi	ti scalderesti
acconciarsi	ti acconci
bastare	bastiamo
sovrariscaldare	sovrariscaldi
adoprare	adoprasti
pitturarsi	si pitturavano
abbigliare	abbigliasse
guardare	guardiamo
contentare	contentiate
affocare	affocavi
segnalare	segnalassi
spettacolarizzare	spettacolarizzi
fondarsi	si fondò
rubarsi	mi rubavo
listare	listerebbe
rannicchiare	rannicchiassi
arpionare	arpionarono
conglutinare	conglutinando
ingozzarsi	mi ingozzavo
cagare	cagato
schiaffeggiare	schiaffeggiarono
fiaccare	fiacchi
gripparsi	ci gripperemo
congelarsi	congeliamoci
ridorare	ridorare
mutuare	mutueresti
agghiacciare	agghiacciate
smallare	smallante
riproporre	riproposto
ossidare	ossidereste
riscontrare	riscontrate
accignere	accigneremo
resecare	resechino
destruggere	destruggi
spremere	spremerebbe
deformare	deformereste
ammucchiarsi	mi ammucchio
accucciolarsi	ti accucciolerai
quietanzare	quietanzavo
splendere	splendiamo
detronizzare	detronizzassimo
rinsanire	rinsanito
incavolarsi	si incavolerà
abbacinarsi	vi abbaciniate
intercedere	intercediamo
fiammeggiare	fiammeggiate
intrallazzare	intrallazzerai
triturare	triturasti
infocarsi	mi infocai
vedersi	si vedrebbe
immigrare	immigraste
smagnetizzarsi	mi smagnetizzi
affabulare	affabuliamo
defilarsi	ci defilassimo
pavoneggiarsi	mi pavoneggiai
stramazzare	stramazzai
imbronciarsi	mi imbronciavo
sovrascrivere	sovrascriveranno
diporre	diponendo
divincolare	divincolavamo
agguagliarsi	ci agguagliassimo
ornare	ornarono
tubare	tubaste
attenuare	attenueranno
nevigare	nevigante
affrittellare	affrittelleremo
sciroppare	sciroppare
solennizzare	solennizzerete
scopare	scopassi
rimbambire	rimbambivi
annaspare	annaspiamo
accomandare	accomando
sgusciare	sgusciassimo
manualizzare	manualizziamo
imbacuccarsi	ci imbacuccassimo
esserci	ci sarò
schiodarsi	vi schiodereste
provedere	provedessi
ringiovenire	ringiovenirei
tormentare	tormentano
rinvasare	rinvasi
accapezzare	accapezzare
irrancidire	irrancidissimo
disincantare	disincanterò
incartapecorire	incartapecoriscano
accompagnare	accompagnavamo
strigare	strigando
umidificare	umidifichiamo
stallare	stallasse
anastomizzare	anastomizzerà
stuellare	stuelliamo
googlare	googla
eternizzare	eternizzeremmo
catapultare	catapulteranno
pigiare	pigerò
usucapire	usucapivamo
imbrecciare	imbrecciasti
addossarsi	si addosserà
oggettualizzare	oggettualizziamo
pernottare	pernotterete
sorridersi	sorridersi
tonare	tonassero
addugliare	adduglia
rimprimere	rimprima
allidere	allidano
statuire	statuì
scagliarsi	ti scagli
imbucarsi	mi imbuco
bugnare	bugnate
aggrumare	aggrumaste
disobbligarsi	disobbligantesi
scoraggiarsi	ci scoraggiassimo
augurarsi	ti augurasti
imbaldanzire	imbaldanziva
muoversi	si muovano
proseguire	proseguirò
tornare	torni
percepire	percepisti
riallineare	riallineerei
decongestionare	decongestionerebbero
duplicare	duplichi
impuparsi	mi impupassi
riabbottonare	riabbottonante
propagare	propaghi
sgridare	sgridi
superare	superassi
nazionalizzare	nazionalizzerete
sfocare	sfocaste
ridondare	ridondiamo
sottomurare	sottomurasti
crocifiggersi	si crocifigga
ingoiare	ingoiate
corrispondersi	ci corrisponderemo
risciogliere	riscioglierebbe
transfondere	transfonderai
sedimentare	sedimentavo
allascare	allascammo
depingere	depinge
pugnare	pugnassero
sverminare	svermini
disidentificarsi	disidentificatevi
deificare	deificò
approfittare	approfittiamo
intabaccare	intabaccheranno
videoregistrare	videoregistravo
stendere	stendendo
terzarolare	terzarolassero
dileguarsi	mi dileguavo
sublicenziare	sublicenzino
annebbiarsi	mi annebbierei
innacquare	innacquiamo
destoricizzare	destoricizzerà
oltrapassare	oltrapassando
stancare	stancassi
disincentivare	disincentivo
avvoltolare	avvoltolino
beccare	beccato
clivare	clivano
reimpiegare	reimpieghino
ingigantire	ingigantiamo
sonare	sonare
disperarsi	disperato
acciecare	acciecheremmo
interrompere	interromperemmo
rimettersi	rimesso
radiocomandare	radiocomandano
glassare	glassavi
terrazzare	terrazzò
sorbire	sorbireste
lacrimare	lacrimano
scoreggiare	scoreggiamo
depolimerizzare	depolimerizzino
affrancarsi	mi affranco
affralire	affraliste
dentellare	dentellavo
scopare	scopo
remare	remaste
ricuocere	ricuocete
reticolare	reticolava
sistematizzare	sistematizzò
svuotare	svuotasse
imborghesire	imborghesivi
rissare	rissava
vangare	vanghino
sgorgare	sgorgassi
circondarsi	mi circonderei
vicitare	vicitato
diplomarsi	si diplomarono
sballottare	sballotterai
tacitare	tacita
angariare	angariato
discaricare	discarico
commuoversi	si commovevano
preconoscere	preconoscano
dislocare	dislocassi
rincominciare	rincominci
smorzarsi	vi smorzaste
tumefarsi	si tumefacesse
cancerizzarsi	cancerizzarsi
sganciare	sgancerei
fagocitare	fagociti
citare	citavo
mimare	mimavo
affiliarsi	affiliato
defezionare	defezionassi
videocomunicare	videocomunichiate
risolvere	risolse
rinegoziare	rinegoziamo
delegittimare	delegittimi
tralignare	traligneremo
gravitare	gravitava
sbaragliare	sbaragli
depositarsi	vi depositavate
purgarsi	si purghino
ingigantirsi	si ingigantirebbero
migrare	migrai
pellettizzare	pellettizzante
agitarsi	ci agiteremmo
irretire	irretivo
sparigliare	spariglia
rinfiammare	rinfiammano
agglomerarsi	si agglomerò
giustificarsi	ci giustifichiamo
scuotere	scotendo
ricolorire	ricolorirà
sofferire	sofferente
uccellinare	uccellinerebbero
disprezzarsi	mi disprezzassi
appropriare	appropriamo
recare	reca
brulicare	brulicherò
scolpire	scolpiamo
acciuffare	acciuffi
vetrioleggiare	vetrioleggiassimo
assomare	assomeremo
rileggere	rileggerebbero
effeminare	effeminavano
annoverare	annoverasse
spartirsi	ci spartimmo
capivolgere	capivolgevo
lordarsi	ti lordi
decomporre	decomponiamo
tombolare	tombolerà
protrarsi	mi protrassi
aggiaccare	aggiaccavamo
scanalare	scanalava
adattarsi	ci adattassimo
aunghiare	aunghiò
sciupacchiare	sciupacchino
calcolare	calcolavi
condividere	condividessi
cointeressare	cointeressasti
rimuginare	rimuginavano
inebetire	inebetire
ripiombare	ripiombando
sterpare	sterpi
ripiangere	ripiango
imbozzimare	imbozzimi
aggrinzire	aggrinzivi
vincersi	mi vincevo
biadare	biadi
meriggiare	meriggi
scarrucolare	scarrucolate
appoderare	appoderino
affiggere	affiggi
feltrarsi	vi feltravate
rivedersi	si rivedessero
dimenare	dimeniamo
ingenerarsi	mi ingeneri
azzimare	azzimiate
adagiarsi	ci adagiamo
basare	basi
telecontrollare	telecontrollai
appontare	apponterò
cronicizzarsi	mi cronicizzo
rimotivare	rimotivavi
clivare	clivassimo
occhieggiare	occhieggi
ammanicarsi	vi ammanicaste
sperimentare	sperimenti
fluidificare	fluidificheremo
conquistarsi	mi conquisti
coricare	corichiamo
attendersi	attendendosi
contrassegnare	contrassegneresti
incazzarsi	incazzati
ascendere	ascendeste
raggrumarsi	ci raggrumeremo
trattenersi	si tratterrebbe
ritirarsi	mi ritirai
tornarsene	te ne torneresti
fondare	fondavate
quadrettare	quadretteremo
accercinare	accercinavate
calandrare	calandri
collocarsi	si collochino
sgroppare	sgropperemmo
slentare	slentassi
riamare	riamava
controfirmare	controfirmaste
ripartirsi	si ripartiscano
riacquisire	riacquisisco
citarsi	citarsi
sfornaciare	sfornaciasti
oscurare	oscurereste
collassare	collassato
imputridire	imputridisca
sconfondere	sconfondevano
liftare	lifterò
ristabilire	ristabilissi
rimappare	rimappino
corrucciare	corruccino
intavolare	intavoli
subappaltare	subappaltavamo
provenzaleggiare	provenzaleggiando
disvolgere	disvolgerai
rimproverare	rimproverato
invaginarsi	ci invaginavamo
affaticarsi	mi affatico
corrucciarsi	mi corrucciai
tassellare	tassellino
regolarizzare	regolarizzato
duramificare	duramificano
indulgere	indulgerai
sdaziare	sdaziavamo
infuriare	infurino
indebolire	indebolivate
affliggersi	si affliggerebbe
preconizzare	preconizzi
sfeltrare	sfeltrino
lamentare	lamentaste
emendare	emendano
ridipingere	ridipinsi
acidare	acidò
risalire	risalga
addentellare	addentellava
pacarsi	ci pachiamo
espurgare	espurgheremo
bamboleggiare	bamboleggi
affiggere	affissi
buffoneggiare	buffoneggiando
deciferare	deciferate
rinvestire	rinvestisti
accaprettare	accapretteranno
inflettere	inflettete
scarrozzare	scarrozzo
imbolsire	imbolsirebbero
risuolare	risuolate
regionalizzare	regionalizzasti
occhieggiare	occhieggiare
restringersi	si restrinse
imbrancarsi	ti imbrancasti
riserbare	riserberai
rimischiare	rimischi
scavallare	scavallaste
rintronare	rintronavamo
ardere	ardereste
elogiare	elogeranno
coalizzarsi	si coalizzi
risolare	risolerete
clamare	clamando
ricusare	ricusiate
celiare	celiate
privatizzare	privatizzi
rissare	rissiamo
sopporre	sopponeva
contenere	contenemmo
spodestare	spodestiamo
ascoltarsi	si ascoltavano
gremire	gremisca
smanettare	smanettaste
monocromatizzare	monocromatizzassi
supervisionare	supervisioneresti
deportare	deporterei
traviare	travierai
neutralizzare	neutralizzerebbe
vacuolizzare	vacuolizzavo
meditare	meditiate
sindacare	sindachino
sovrapporsi	vi sovrapponiate
automaticizzare	automaticizzaste
rimontare	rimonti
risanare	risaneranno
definirsi	ti definissi
stormire	stormivi
eccitare	eccitasse
aggiudicarsi	mi aggiudicherei
invecchiare	invecchia
riascendere	riasceso
atrovare	atroverà
perfezionare	perfezionasse
forzarsi	forzatevi
dogmatizzare	dogmatizzai
riselciare	riselcino
girellare	girellare
regolarizzarsi	ci regolarizzavamo
pasticciare	pasticciavano
dissertare	dissertiamo
parodiare	parodieremo
depolimerizzarsi	si depolimerizza
biascicare	biascichi
satinare	satiniamo
ribollire	ribolla
indispettirsi	vi indispettiste
godere	godesti
decurtare	decurterà
traversare	traversano
proludere	proludo
spannocchiare	spannocchiò
permanere	permarreste
accostumarsi	mi accostumai
celarsi	vi celaste
gasare	gasano
inturgidire	inturgidiscano
ridisporre	ridispose
rompere	rompevi
meravigliarsi	si meraviglieranno
sorbettare	sorbettate
riavvistare	riavvisteranno
spezzonare	spezzonavano
appaiarsi	appaiatevi
affondare	affondavamo
scartavetrare	scartavetrato
solvatare	solvata
impasticciare	impasticciavamo
pastorizzare	pastorizzai
riservarsi	ti riservi
silenziare	silenziamo
diseccare	disecco
ridestarsi	vi ridestavate
sumere	sumono
rinsavire	rinsavivate
sfegatarsi	sfegatatevi
facilitare	faciliterebbe
lampeggiare	lampeggiai
basculare	basculeranno
ossidarsi	ci ossideremmo
irruvidire	irruvidente
prepararsi	ci prepariamo
sgarrare	sgarrano
incanaglirsi	mi incanaglisco
soscrivere	soscrivevate
ricontrarre	ricontraiamo
gallonare	galloneremmo
impallidire	impallidì
cercarsela	cercandosela
propugnare	propugneremmo
sventare	sventate
proclamarsi	mi proclamerei
invidiare	invidierò
flettere	flessi
conglutinarsi	mi conglutinai
stacciare	stacci
deperire	deperivo
idrogenare	idrogenarono
avvicendarsi	ti avvicendi
rificcarsi	si rificcarono
miscelare	misceliamo
bearsi	mi beerò
cronometrarsi	si cronometra
tentare	tentino
ingolfarsi	ci ingolferemo
sporgere	sporgiate
rampicare	rampicassi
innamorarsi	mi innamorassi
addarsi	vi addeste
screscere	screscereste
radunarsi	si radunino
sfrenarsi	ci sfrenassimo
tannare	tannava
informicolirsi	mi informicolii
incancrenire	incancrenirò
smozzicare	smozzicai
imbufalirsi	imbufalitevi
cacarsi	si cachi
disingranare	disingrani
rimbalzare	rimbalza
cresimarsi	cresimantesi
solvere	solva
accalcare	accalcava
istradare	istradasse
riqualificare	riqualificassero
accastellinare	accastellinarono
azzuffarsi	si azzuffassero
riadoperare	riadoperino
allappare	allappassi
dardeggiare	dardeggiasse
tribbiare	tribbieresti
emozionare	emozionò
macellare	macellino
coeditare	coeditino
maggesare	maggeseranno
abbancare	abbancate
ramificarsi	ramificato
sperperare	sperperereste
impallinare	impallinavamo
menare	menare
decatizzare	decatizziamo
individualizzare	individualizzo
accorciarsi	ci accorciavamo
sobbollire	sobbolliamo
zinnare	zinnavo
regimentare	regimentassimo
consentirsi	ci consentivamo
ovulare	ovulante
remigare	remigaste
sciancrare	sciancraste
ovulare	ovulerà
apostrofare	apostrofare
stizzire	stizziamo
sanzionare	sanzionassimo
rimirarsi	si rimirino
straviziare	stravizieresti
unirsi	si unirà
riavvolgersi	ci riavvolgevamo
stecchire	stecchirebbero
dissuadere	dissuada
disinibirsi	disinibiamoci
avvolvere	avvolveremmo
flagellare	flagellino
riavvicinare	riavvicinante
livellarsi	mi livellai
acciaiare	acciaiano
innovarsi	vi innovavate
trascurare	trascurate
assestarsi	vi assestiate
inspessire	inspessito
appollaiarsi	ci appollaiamo
abbruciacchiare	abbruciacchino
sospettare	sospettai
abbuzzire	abbuzzire
vandalizzare	vandalizzino
impalmare	impalmate
alluzzare	alluzzaste
strafogarsi	si strafogherà
partizionare	partiziona
incorporare	incorporino
soccombere	soccombessi
prospettare	prospettassimo
abborracciare	abborraccino
annoiarsi	vi annoiate
imbastardirsi	vi imbastardiste
ricrocifiggere	ricrocifiggano
ripopolare	ripopolò
fissionare	fissioniate
ritarare	ritarerei
accedere	accede
offuscarsi	vi offuscate
raddrizzarsi	raddrizzato
assuefarsi	si assuefarebbero
allinearsi	ti allinei
vagare	vagassi
riaffermare	riaffermavo
premurarsi	si premurò
collezionare	collezioneremmo
vitaliziare	vitalizierai
ramazzare	ramazzi
sublicenziare	sublicenzierà
imboccare	imbocchiamo
telegrafare	telegrafato
riporre	riponesse
autoripararsi	ti autoriparerai
allineare	allinea
prestare	presterò
trasportare	trasporti
imbestialire	imbestialimmo
translitterare	translittererei
citofonare	citofonerò
semplificare	semplificò
opporsi	ci opponessimo
ottemperare	ottemperi
rammagliare	rammagliaste
parere	parrà
ravvalorare	ravvaloreremmo
invertire	invertissimo
cannare	cannasti
declamare	declamiamo
vergheggiare	vergheggi
anonimizzare	anonimizzaste
metaforizzare	metaforizzi
overcloccare	overcloccherà
marnare	marni
radiomarcare	radiomarcheranno
reingaggiare	reingaggi
disimballare	disimballaste
presupporre	presupponeste
ridestarsi	ci ridestassimo
ravanare	ravanato
valorizzarsi	si valorizzino
disbrigarsi	ci disbrigheremo
contentarsi	si contentino
temprare	temprare
folleggiare	folleggiavi
ingoiare	ingoiate
adagiarsi	vi adagiate
dissestare	dissestavi
imbianchire	imbianchì
baccagliare	baccagli
incanaglirsi	ci incanagliamo
attenzionare	attenzioniamo
rievaporare	rievaporerei
sgraffignare	sgraffignasse
dialogare	dialogherà
incomodarsi	incomodarsi
stasare	staseremmo
sanforizzare	sanforizzereste
dissolversi	si dissolveva
finalizzare	finalizzò
abbottinare	abbottinate
rinforzarsi	si rinforza
scarificare	scarificheremo
deprecare	deprecate
puzzare	puzzi
allumare	allumaste
ripromettere	ripromettevo
disavvezzarsi	si disavvezzasse
normalizzarsi	ci normalizzassimo
omogeneizzare	omogeneizzerebbero
prosperare	prosperiamo
equidistare	equidisterà
rumoreggiare	rumoreggia
coniugarsi	ti coniugasti
aderizzare	aderizzerà
insidiare	insidiato
tartufare	tartufare
disaccordare	disaccordiamo
smantellare	smantellaste
riprogrammare	riprogrammino
favoleggiare	favoleggi
snidare	snidino
decentrare	decentrerei
scolorire	scolorirebbe
smallare	smallerete
abbriccare	abbriccheresti
sbudellare	sbudellare
meritarsela	me la meriterò
accogliere	accolsero
impegolare	impegolavate
trionfare	trionferemo
abbonacciarsi	si abbonacciava
ciangottare	ciangottaste
rivalorizzare	rivalorizzi
squagliare	squaglio
ingolosire	ingolosirete
raccorciarsi	mi raccorcerei
ammoscire	ammosciremo
rinutrire	rinutrireste
peragrare	peragraste
chinarsi	vi chinerete
distrigarsi	si distrigavano
dissaldare	dissalderemmo
sistemare	sistemante
aggranchire	aggranchiamo
riscontare	riscontaste
ritingere	ritinga
disaffezionare	disaffezioneremo
impalare	impalasti
depolimerizzare	depolimerizzava
sfruculiare	sfruculiasse
instaurare	instaurarono
urinare	urinerò
calmare	calmi
recidere	recidereste
tripudiare	tripudiai
rintanarsi	si rintanino
virtualizzare	virtualizzai
rizappare	rizappa
schermirsi	mi schermii
assodare	assodava
acclimatarsi	si acclimatassero
pervertire	pervertissimo
determinare	determiniamo
risposare	risposi
circonscrivere	circonscrivete
spigare	spigò
deglutire	deglutite
taglieggiare	taglieggi
commuoversi	ti commuovi
deregolare	deregolerebbero
infiltrarsi	vi infiltrate
riabilitarsi	riabilitantesi
lavare	laveresti
tepefarsi	vi tepefate
sabotare	saboti
tematizzare	tematizza
randeggiare	randeggerei
avvantaggiarsi	avvantaggiatevi
sovramodulare	sovramodulino
retroagire	retroagì
rinnovellare	rinnovellavo
ossessionare	ossessionasse
lanciare	lanciano
drammatizzare	drammatizzeremmo
rintonacare	rintonacheremo
premurare	premurino
imprestare	impresterà
riattivare	riattivaste
brindare	brinderete
miniaturizzare	miniaturizzai
aggraticciare	aggraticciò
flagellare	flagelliate
ristorare	ristorammo
venducchiare	venducchiassi
goffrare	goffri
matrizzare	matrizziate
annerire	annerivi
pizzicare	pizzicheremo
appuntarsi	ti appuntasti
spiluccare	spiluccavano
infliggere	infliggerei
ripercuotersi	mi ripercoterei
incriminarsi	si incriminano
fugare	fugherebbero
distrarsi	distrarsi
stracuocere	stracuociamo
separare	separavano
contestare	contestare
combinarsi	si combini
ciangottare	ciangotterò
martellinare	martellinerà
superarsi	ci superammo
microfonare	microfonerò
spasimare	spasimate
stropicciarsene	stropicciatevene
pralinare	pralinate
reinventarsi	mi reinventerò
ingollare	ingolli
accavezzare	accavezzai
chiavare	chiavai
affrenare	affrena
smollicarsi	si smollicasse
confessare	confessavamo
mergere	mergete
conciliarsi	ci concilieremo
assegnare	assegnasse
farsela	me la faccio
disorientare	disorienti
rigiacere	rigiaceste
orlettare	orletta
esserci	esserci
vistare	vistasse
stratificare	stratifichi
tiranneggiare	tiranneggerai
copiaincollare	copiaincollate
travedere	travedevo
toccarsi	si tocchi
tesserarsi	mi tessererò
infognarsi	si infognava
strascicare	strascicassimo
pepare	peperà
depolverizzare	depolverizzerete
innaffiare	innaffieranno
convenzionare	convenzionereste
moccicare	moccicai
suadere	suadesse
derubare	derubare
stuzzicare	stuzzichiamo
sfigurare	sfigurassi
tacciare	tacceremo
dissotterrare	dissotterrammo
incentivare	incentivasse
appiccolire	appiccolisti
sbigottirsi	ti sbigottiresti
razionalizzare	razionalizzasti
otturare	ottura
incarnirsi	mi incarnirei
stravaccarsi	mi stravaccherei
sopirsi	vi sopirete
posizionare	posizioneremmo
profanare	profanereste
zuppare	zuppando
consegnarsi	ci consegneremmo
fluitare	fluitavi
subsistere	subsistevano
polemizzare	polemizzante
ferrare	ferro
pervenire	pervenissi
antologizzare	antologizzeremmo
sofisticare	sofisticavamo
acceppare	accepperai
linciare	linciate
sfrangiare	sfrangino
costernarsi	si costernò
delirare	delirino
declassificare	declassificate
sciuparsi	ci sciupammo
stringersi	ci stringiamo
affaccendarsi	ci affaccendavamo
inorridire	inorridisce
pittare	pittavi
avverare	avverammo
segnare	segnando
sovvenzionare	sovvenzionaste
divorarsi	si divorerebbero
vergolare	vergoli
arrabbiare	arrabbiaste
sfriggere	sfriggendo
riscattarsi	si riscattarono
fluttuare	fluttuino
desolforare	desolforerei
cromare	cromi
ricevere	ricevevamo
basare	basarono
vigliare	viglierete
ammollare	ammollaste
alimentare	alimentino
sfeltrare	sfeltravamo
resistere	resisterebbe
accogliere	accoglierà
aggelare	aggeli
sposarsi	ti sposerai
circondurre	circondurremo
riproteggere	riproteggerà
divertire	divertiremo
affannare	affannerà
preavvertire	preavvertirei
giulebbarsi	giulebbantesi
accorciare	accorci
coobare	cooberebbero
lamentare	lamentavate
radiotrasmettere	radiotrasmisi
ricombinarsi	si ricombinerà
fertilizzare	fertilizzeremmo
dimagrare	dimagrerebbe
gloriarsi	gloriatevi
perseverare	perseveravano
sprigionare	sprigionassero
affascinare	affascinasti
resinificare	resinificherò
esprimersi	esprimetevi
parametrizzare	parametrizziate
poggiarsi	si poggiavano
aggiaccare	aggiaccava
scaturire	scaturisti
spiare	spiano
baloccarsi	ci baloccavamo
scristianizzare	scristianizzassimo
acchitare	acchitiamo
sorteggiare	sorteggeremmo
ammarrare	ammarrammo
reintrodursi	mi reintroducessi
stratificarsi	si stratificassero
masterizzare	masterizzi
sconnettere	sconnettevamo
godronare	godronerò
deliziarsi	vi deliziavate
astenersi	vi asterrete
scalpellare	scalpello
escludere	escluda
infrollire	infrolliscono
acculare	acculaste
rizappare	rizappassero
abbruciare	abbrucerai
insaporirsi	si insaporisca
squartare	squarteremo
obliterare	obliterereste
filarsela	se la filavano
migliorare	miglioravo
corredare	corredaste
modernizzarsi	mi modernizzai
sfrigolare	sfrigoleremo
lavoricchiare	lavoricchiassimo
innalzare	innalzare
artefare	artefarebbero
stropicciarsi	mi stropicci
riscoprire	riscoprano
bleffare	bleffi
ridestare	ridestava
spappolare	spappolerete
alleare	allei
abdicare	abdicherebbero
particolarizzare	particolarizzasti
sillabare	sillabiamo
truffare	trufferebbero
ricalcolare	ricalcolavano
refrangere	refransi
mitragliare	mitraglierebbero
osservare	osservò
banalizzare	banalizza
sovrascrivere	sovrascriva
riforgiare	riforgeranno
sovresporre	sovresponevate
scadenzare	scadenzi
intensificare	intensificheremo
contradire	contradicevano
laureare	laureiamo
ridisegnare	ridisegni
alcalinizzare	alcalinizzeremmo
pullulare	pullula
redimersi	vi redimeste
appruarsi	mi appruai
impiparsi	impipandosi
graffare	graffereste
premere	premeremo
bucherellare	bucherellerei
giuntare	giunteresti
metanizzare	metanizzassero
importare	importavamo
bestemmiare	bestemmierebbe
farcela	ce la fecero
sanzionare	sanzionando
concentrare	concentri
compiangere	compiangevo
obbliare	obblieremmo
annullare	annullassimo
istituzionalizzare	istituzionalizzereste
esulare	esuli
pullulare	pullulaste
innastare	innasta
rioccupare	rioccupaste
slegarsi	ci slegassimo
solfonare	solfonate
ufficiare	ufficiamo
infrapporre	infrapponendo
rincarcerare	rincarcerassero
assaettare	assaettavano
barattare	baratterei
firmare	firmavate
riempiere	riempie
ingiuriarsi	vi ingiurierete
sbracarsi	si sbracava
intessere	intessa
clorurare	clorurerebbe
infeudare	infeudi
attorcigliarsi	ci attorcigliamo
aggirare	aggireremo
cumulare	cumulate
affettare	affetteremo
clamare	clamerei
gibollare	gibolliate
infatuare	infatui
sfollare	sfolliamo
accertarsi	mi accertai
umanizzare	umanizzerete
sgocciolare	sgocciolavate
sfiduciare	sfiduciavi
patteggiare	patteggiassero
carezzarsi	si carezzassero
riassestare	riassestaste
spastoiare	spastoiando
bilanciarsi	si bilanci
ingozzarsi	si ingozza
espurgare	espurgare
impolpare	impolpa
ruffianeggiare	ruffianeggiaste
diseducare	diseducante
rificcarsi	si rificchino
edificare	edifica
svolare	svolate
guadagnare	guadagnate
orizzontarsi	orizzontatevi
risonare	risoni
ributtarsi	si ributti
rimungere	rimungano
suffissare	suffissi
vagheggiare	vagheggiò
rifrangere	rifrangevate
gibollare	gibollerei
ritradurre	ritraduciamo
appannare	appanniate
giungere	giungete
contornare	contornerebbe
inalare	inalerò
intervistare	intervistassimo
ristabilire	ristabilirebbe
massimizzare	massimizzano
intensificare	intensificava
incupire	incupirei
inizializzare	inizializzi
psicanalizzare	psicanalizziamo
stemperare	stemperi
sollevarsi	ci solleviamo
minuzzare	minuzzerò
apprendere	apprendono
vacuolizzare	vacuolizzano
ringiovenire	ringiovenisca
precostituire	precostituireste
azzannare	azzannano
listare	listeremo
ossedere	ossedevano
sedare	sedavate
acclamare	acclamai
frizzare	frizzassi
rinsaldare	rinsaldavano
ridisfare	ridisfacevano
bistrare	bistreremo
constare	constato
riallinearsi	ci riallineeremo
smarrire	smarriscono
sgomberare	sgombererò
riferirsi	si riferiva
concitare	conciterò
rinvitare	rinviterebbero
inondare	inonderà
insacchettare	insacchetti
svettare	svettai
insterilire	insteriliamo
terebrare	terebri
ammodernizzare	ammodernizzaste
deossidare	deossiderete
elencare	elencherete
incocciare	incocci
bruttare	bruttavi
spadellare	spadelliate
islamizzarsi	si islamizzerebbero
straripare	straripi
scollacciarsi	si scollacciava
strattonarsi	si strattonino
frequentarsi	si incontrasse
allampanare	allampana
sterilire	sterilisca
incancherire	incancherirei
tarmarsi	mi tarmi
noiare	noiano
slittare	slitto
ingozzarsi	si ingozzi
autocitarsi	si autocitava
interconvertirsi	interconvertirsi
padreggiare	padreggiammo
radere	radeste
sanforizzare	sanforizziamo
elucidare	elucidereste
monetare	monetante
asserire	asseriresti
rimettere	rimetterete
aggrinzirsi	si aggrinziscano
capovolgere	capovolgeva
sbeccare	sbeccherebbe
snobbare	snobbiamo
abbrusciare	abbrusciassimo
denudare	denudare
dializzare	dializzassi
compartire	compartiva
autocommiserarsi	si autocommiseri
consolidarsi	ci consolidiamo
zampettare	zampettammo
spoliticizzare	spoliticizzi
giovarsi	ti giovi
untare	untaste
scrosciare	scrosciavamo
sopportarsi	ci sopportiamo
tippare	tipparono
abbruttirsi	ci abbruttimmo
ricordare	ricordino
inzigare	inzigavano
appressarsi	mi appressassi
novellare	novellino
spingersi	ti spingessi
espettorare	espettorarono
teflonare	teflona
rivettare	rivettaste
inferocirsi	si inferociscono
disporsi	disponetevi
ordire	ordissi
compulsare	compulso
sciolinare	sciolini
centralizzare	centralizzato
glossare	glossate
confortarsi	ci confortammo
educere	edurrò
infrascare	infrascassi
terzarolare	terzarolassi
arrugginire	arrugginireste
scorniciare	scorniciasse
verticalizzare	verticalizzi
destreggiarsi	ti destreggiasti
rammodernare	rammodernò
incatenare	incateniate
regionalizzare	regionalizzassimo
strutturarsi	strutturarsi
qualificare	qualificherei
zigzagare	zigzagando
espletare	espletiate
ritrattare	ritrattarono
avvisare	avvisa
deteriorare	deteriorino
bugnare	bugnassi
domare	domassi
riaccendere	riaccenderebbero
franare	frano
riplasmare	riplasmano
perseguitare	perseguitasti
propellere	propellevano
surrogarsi	si surrogheranno
scommettere	scommetteresti
decalcificare	decalcifichi
trapungere	trapungano
mesciare	mescia
disacidare	disacidavamo
riempire	riempiamo
infastidire	infastidirà
adontare	adonti
prodursi	producendosi
disonorare	disonorerei
impossessarsi	vi impossessavate
folleggiare	folleggerai
dogare	doga
sopperire	sopperii
rimodellare	rimodellassimo
effluire	effluiremmo
scannare	scannerai
sprimacciare	sprimacciava
sbalzare	sbalzi
epicureggiare	epicureggino
riferire	riferimmo
intrufolare	intrufolato
inutilizzare	inutilizzò
risovvenire	risovverrai
dialogare	dialogavi
cristallizzarsi	si cristallizzino
ghindare	ghindammo
margottare	margottate
uniformare	uniformò
affoltare	affolti
riplasmare	riplasmavate
assettare	assetterebbe
disconfiggere	disconfiggesse
orgasmare	orgasmante
imprigionare	imprigioniamo
ravvolgere	ravvolga
ammannare	ammannino
poligrafare	poligraferanno
anodizzare	anodizzerebbe
condolersi	mi condolsi
misurarsi	misurandosi
fasciare	fasciassero
accodare	accodaste
desecretare	desecretassi
radicarsi	si radicò
dividersi	vi divideste
rimpallare	rimpallammo
attingersi	attingetevi
desistere	desistevano
rimpastare	rimpastato
equipaggiarsi	si equipaggiasse
ripugnare	ripugneresti
lavare	lavassero
premonire	premoniscono
mesticare	mesticavi
addimorare	addimoriamo
smembrarsi	mi smembrassi
calciare	calci
commiserare	commiseriate
putrire	putrisci
nuclearizzare	nuclearizzereste
increscere	increscesti
beccarsi	vi becchiate
aggarbare	aggarberanno
iscriversi	ci iscriveremmo
diradare	diradasti
smussarsi	smussandosi
torrefare	torrefacevamo
descriversi	mi descrissi
condurre	condurreste
pirateggiare	pirateggeranno
disintasare	disintaseranno
sostentare	sostenta
esimere	esimessimo
discolparsi	si discolpano
divulgarsi	si divulgasse
moccicare	moccicherei
ricercare	ricercherà
ricompiere	ricompiano
buggerare	buggerassi
fascistizzare	fascistizzereste
riconcedere	riconcedete
internalizzare	internalizzaste
liquefarsi	liquefatto
disinflazionare	disinflazionasse
sfracellarsi	sfracellandosi
irrigare	irrigassimo
necrosare	necroso
lasciare	lasceremo
strascinarsi	ci strascinassimo
nicchiare	nicchio
riorientare	riorienta
arruffare	arruffasti
decolonizzare	decolonizzando
cucirsi	mi cucirei
garrire	garrendo
chiaroscurare	chiaroscuri
sfaccendare	sfaccenderebbero
autocontraddirsi	ti autocontraddicevi
stingersi	si stingerebbe
classicizzare	classicizzassero
vandalizzare	vandalizziamo
riboccare	riboccheremmo
acchiapparsi	ti acchiappi
sfavillare	sfavillavi
elevare	elevavi
biforcarsi	biforcantesi
appurare	appurassi
riscendere	riscendente
penare	penante
dequalificare	dequalificò
andicappare	andicappavate
intrugliare	intrugliasse
rischiarare	rischiararono
allietare	allieterete
smerlare	smerlavano
circumcingere	circumcingevamo
paganizzare	paganizzi
trasportarsi	si trasporterebbe
scarrocciare	scarroccino
ritarare	ritaravano
innervare	innervavamo
sconsolare	sconsolerebbe
crogiolare	crogiolate
ricanalizzare	ricanalizzavo
contrattare	contrattiamo
accaprettare	accaprettate
sfaccendare	sfaccenderai
tranciare	tranciammo
tesserarsi	vi tesserereste
riarmarsi	si riarmavano
prestampare	prestamperebbero
obiettivizzare	obiettivizzereste
specchiare	specchiassi
inzuccare	inzuccavate
laconizzare	laconizza
resuscitare	resusciti
rappresentarsi	ci rappresentammo
endocitare	endocitammo
stravincere	stravinceva
gorgogliare	gorgogliavano
cullare	cullano
rincantucciarsi	vi rincantucciate
rimaneggiare	rimaneggiasti
performare	performando
inceppare	inceppate
triplicarsi	ci triplicammo
guaiolare	guaiolante
sacramentare	sacramentava
ritemprare	ritemprerai
ingabbiare	ingabbierebbero
strisciare	strisciaste
translitterare	translitteraste
riversare	riversaste
avverarsi	vi avvererete
riapplicare	riapplicare
imbiancarsi	ci imbianchiamo
sparacchiare	sparacchieresti
ciabattare	ciabattassimo
stecchire	stecchente
miniare	miniaste
colpevolizzarsi	mi colpevolizzi
crescere	cresciate
appropriare	appropriaste
arrocare	arroca
tondeggiare	tondeggiavi
intersecarsi	si intersechi
ripercorrere	ripercorreremmo
titillare	titillarono
sgusciare	sguscino
spicciare	spicciando
fumarsela	te la fumi
impregnare	impregnante
prevalere	prevarrò
sabotare	sabotasse
bacchiare	bacchierai
arrovesciare	arrovesciai
vernalizzare	vernalizzavi
rintasare	rintasano
ingobbirsi	si ingobbiscano
corrugarsi	si corrugassero
ammorbare	ammorbassero
pavesare	pavesasse
apprezzarsi	si apprezzassero
trattarsi	trattiamoci
sborniarsi	vi sborniate
voltarsi	ti volterai
calcinare	calcinavano
alleare	alleerete
transigere	transigessero
tornare	torneremo
declamare	declami
adirare	adirante
inguantare	inguanta
disumanizzare	disumanizziamo
xerocopiare	xerocopiaste
abboccare	abboccassimo
arricchirsi	si arricchirono
impasticciare	impasticciaste
decuocere	decuoce
annottare	annotterà
accorciare	accorciavamo
innescarsi	si innescò
sensorizzare	sensorizza
rievaporare	rievaporava
predare	prederà
resettare	resetterei
ghigliottinare	ghigliottini
schitarrare	schitarriamo
legiferare	legifero
suggellare	suggellato
maiolicare	maiolicherà
appallottolare	appallottolerà
scansarsi	si scansino
sbrancare	sbrancò
padroneggiare	padroneggiassimo
monitorare	monitorerete
proclamarsi	si proclamino
oscillare	oscilla
diazotare	diazotino
rimuginare	rimuginerò
infuriare	infuriereste
somatizzare	somatizza
riappiccicare	riappiccicherei
pieghettare	pieghetteremmo
rimescolare	rimescoliamo
squadrare	squadrante
cimentarsi	si cimentino
imbrigliarsi	ti imbrigliasti
capitare	capitò
materializzarsi	materializzato
lineare	lineante
monopolizzare	monopolizzato
saltare	saltiamo
decodificare	decodificassi
rapportarsi	mi rapportavo
configurarsi	ti configureresti
dilavare	dilaveresti
disimpegnarsi	ti disimpegni
bersela	ce la bevevamo
cazzottarsi	si cazzotteranno
dissetare	disseteremo
affliggersi	mi affligga
avvignare	avvigneresti
abbatuffolare	abbatuffolate
loggare	loggante
superavvolgere	superavvolgerò
aggranchire	aggranchivamo
appianarsi	ti appianassi
travedere	traveda
aggiornarsi	ci aggiornavamo
imbullonare	imbullonano
putire	putiste
spantanare	spantanando
denuclearizzare	denuclearizzassi
romanzare	romanzato
sovrautilizzare	sovrautilizzereste
distrigare	distrigaste
attenere	attenete
secretare	secreta
svigorire	svigorirai
perdurre	perducevamo
ritracciare	ritracciaste
ispanizzare	ispanizzasse
involgarirsi	vi involgarirete
difendere	difendo
divertirsi	si divertì
slanciare	slancino
aitare	aiterai
certificare	certificammo
impataccare	impataccassi
uccellinare	uccelliniate
impomatarsi	vi impomaterete
irridere	irridereste
circostanziare	circostanziarono
aggiogare	aggiogassero
continuare	continua
effluire	effluente
indurarsi	si indurerebbero
impoverirsi	mi impoverisca
assopirsi	vi assopiste
accendere	accese
riaggregare	riaggregherebbero
irrompere	irrompesti
incentivare	incentiverebbero
ammutinarsi	si ammutinavano
riassegnare	riassegnavano
abbambinare	abbambinò
infrancesarsi	ti infrancesasti
esercire	esercirò
riagguantare	riagguanti
cablare	cablaste
impromettere	impromettano
abbassare	abbasseremo
suffragare	suffraga
spersonalizzare	spersonalizzaste
cerchiare	cerchiassi
suffondere	suffondessero
incespicare	incespicai
ingiungere	ingiungendo
allunare	alluneresti
discolorarsi	mi discoloravo
aggiuntare	aggiunti
decomporre	decomporrete
arruffare	arruffate
decompartimentare	decompartimentarono
consolidare	consolidò
sequenziare	sequenziasse
quantizzare	quantizzi
deresponsabilizzarsi	vi deresponsabilizziate
confondersi	ci confonderemmo
rispecchiare	rispecchiereste
istallare	istallerebbero
asteggiare	asteggiavo
stazionare	stazionate
rispingere	rispingesse
preriscaldare	preriscaldo
cremare	cremo
anastomizzarsi	ti anastomizzavi
accommiatarsi	si accommiati
determinare	determinassimo
protocollare	protocollasse
procurare	procurereste
attardare	attarderai
bere	beveva
sgranellare	sgranelliamo
trasmutarsi	mi trasmutavo
ageminare	agemini
appendere	appesero
frustare	frusti
inacutirsi	ci inacutissimo
normalizzarsi	vi normalizzereste
plasmare	plasmate
imputare	imputassero
cautelare	cautelarono
disturbare	disturbi
fissarsi	fissati
esperire	esperisti
agurare	agurerà
schermire	schermiscono
evaporare	evaporeremo
lussureggiare	lussureggi
disconnettersi	vi disconnetteste
caricaturare	caricaturasse
apparentare	apparentato
trasecolare	trasecolino
fanatizzare	fanatizzi
affrontarsi	si affronta
sdrucirsi	ci sdruciamo
rivolare	rivoliamo
abburattare	abburattaste
rimpinguare	rimpinguassero
sbancare	sbanca
comportarsi	si comportarono
vagillare	vagillino
subodorare	subodorerebbe
appendere	appendiate
stridere	stridete
sgranare	sgranammo
oggettivare	oggettivasse
mangiucchiare	mangiucchi
tarlare	tarlassero
doparsi	ti dopasti
comburere	comburessi
complessificare	complessifichino
assiomatizzare	assiomatizzava
ripopolare	ripopolava
biografare	biografaste
scamuffare	scamuffava
ululare	ululereste
deodorare	deodorai
ponderare	ponderante
fraintendere	fraintenderete
decomporre	decomponiamo
ospitare	ospita
ricompilare	ricompilasti
prefabbricare	prefabbrichi
tannare	tanni
termostatare	termostatò
trasudare	trasudate
dissetare	dissetiamo
deodorare	deodorava
cercare	cercherete
anchilosarsi	vi anchiloserete
imbarazzarsi	si imbarazzino
traghettare	traghetti
sperperare	sperperavo
acculturarsi	ci acculturammo
riaggregarsi	vi riaggreghereste
classare	classavate
deossigenare	deossigeniamo
sfarfallare	sfarfallare
strappare	strappavamo
intristire	intrististe
appuntire	appuntirete
librarsi	vi libravate
mollarsi	si mollerebbe
esibire	esibirai
ripopolarsi	si ripopolino
bisognare	bisognerebbe
impiastricciare	impiastricciavano
abalienare	abalienerei
materializzarsi	ti materializzassi
ostracizzare	ostracizzi
inamidare	inamidasse
sgroppare	sgroppate
urticchiare	urticchiato
azzoppare	azzopperei
occludere	occludente
rimischiare	rimischiato
sommergere	sommergessi
disaerare	disaerante
subordinare	subordinerete
punzecchiare	punzecchi
disinflazionare	disinflazionato
approssimare	approssimate
parzializzare	parzializziamo
riabilitare	riabilita
spretarsi	si spretavano
ciulare	ciulano
inspirare	inspiravi
ricettare	ricettaste
intravenire	intraverremo
procreare	procrea
biodegradarsi	mi biodegraderò
scompigliare	scompiglino
rovinarsi	mi rovinavo
clacsonare	clacsonare
mareggiare	mareggiassero
cianciare	cianciai
angustiare	angustierai
fiaccare	fiaccherà
spannare	spanni
indovinare	indovinare
rintrodurre	rintroducevi
scalmanarsi	scalmaniamoci
sbaffare	sbaffa
piantumare	piantumavo
anonimizzare	anonimizzi
vedersela	se la vedevano
trincerarsi	si trincerino
caratterizzare	caratterizzi
aggiogare	aggioghiamo
reclamare	reclamassi
sfalsare	sfalsavi
abbuffarsi	mi abbufferei
rassegnare	rassegnaste
ragguagliare	ragguagliamo
sforacchiare	sforacchia
spersonalizzare	spersonalizzino
consorziare	consorziare
svillaneggiare	svillaneggiate
agiare	agiavo
comportare	comporta
baipassare	baipassaste
sottopagare	sottopagheremmo
veleggiare	veleggeremo
ridacchiare	ridacchiate
scovare	scoviamo
martellare	martelli
alenare	alenerai
prosperare	prosperavo
sgasare	sgasi
olezzare	olezzassero
obbiettare	obbiettate
alchimiare	alchimierei
laicizzare	laicizziamo
fallarsi	si fallassero
ottimalizzare	ottimalizzino
agghindare	agghindiamo
intridere	intridevamo
imperlare	imperleranno
discingere	discingesse
attortigliare	attortigliassi
statuire	statuiremo
attingersi	si attingessero
avvivare	avviviamo
annuvolarsi	ti annuvoleresti
canterellare	canterellò
inquietare	inquietino
aereare	aereai
brocciare	brocciassero
ricambiarsi	mi ricambierei
ingegnarsi	ti ingegni
adulare	adulaste
costudire	costudissimo
articolare	articolavate
bagordare	bagorderei
putrefare	putrefacessimo
prolungarsi	mi prolungai
accastellare	accastellava
indolenzirsi	si indolenzirebbero
sventolare	sventola
mussare	musseresti
carbossilare	carbossilerebbero
impepare	impepavano
inchiappettare	inchiappettiamo
raggranchire	raggranchisco
precisare	precisiamo
adornare	adornerà
radicaleggiare	radicaleggi
smagnetizzare	smagnetizzaste
consapevolizzare	consapevolizzerebbe
avventarsi	si avventava
precludere	precludiamo
sbrinare	sbrinaste
intralciare	intralciamo
impasticcarsi	si impasticcavano
azzimarsi	vi azzimaste
rinsaccare	rinsacco
sdrucire	sdruciscano
avvivarsi	si avvivavano
ricongiungersi	ti ricongiungevi
battibeccarsi	battibeccati
notare	notavamo
confessare	confesserebbero
ristringersi	ci ristringevamo
rimanere	rimarranno
semplificare	semplificava
tatuare	tatuavi
smaterializzarsi	si smaterializzino
arrapinare	arrapino
tracannare	tracannerete
quadruplicarsi	si quadruplicò
inculcare	inculcavamo
disproporzionare	disproporziona
incunearsi	mi incunei
evidenziarsi	mi evidenzierei
intasarsi	si intaseranno
sconciare	sconceremo
attenersi	si atterranno
privare	privato
riconcedere	riconcessi
scomporsi	vi scomponiate
ridisciplinare	ridisciplini
prorogare	prorogherai
detorcere	detorcano
ricrescere	ricrescesse
bandire	bandisca
esaltare	esalteranno
rotondeggiare	rotondeggerete
imboccare	imboccheremo
sbalordirsi	sbalordiamoci
sottoutilizzare	sottoutilizzarono
ributtare	ributtarono
riassicurarsi	si riassicurarono
sostituire	sostituisci
denitrificare	denitrificava
ridisporre	ridisponendo
ridisciogliere	ridisciogliate
disabituare	disabituavano
erudire	erudendo
edulcorare	edulcoravano
riassestare	riassesteremo
destrutturarsi	ci destrutturiamo
accambiare	accambia
affocare	affocarono
rigettarsi	mi rigetti
sbreccare	sbreccaste
perquisire	perquisiremmo
sanare	sano
laccare	laccherà
volatilizzarsi	volatilizzatevi
solforare	solforato
ardire	ardisca
tamponare	tamponiamo
fantasticare	fantastica
incavare	incaverò
rimodernare	rimodernavano
ubriacarsi	vi ubriacaste
sensorizzare	sensorizzi
reincarnare	reincarnava
impressionarsi	ci impressioniamo
ribadire	ribadiamo
abbeverarsi	ti abbevereresti
quantificare	quantificano
rinforzare	rinforzammo
bluffare	bluffa
discettare	discetta
reindustrializzare	reindustrializzaste
stratificarsi	si stratifichino
aprirsi	apriamoci
degenerare	degeneriamo
infornaciare	infornaciaste
rimuginare	rimuginate
ammogliarsi	si ammogliava
riesprimere	riesprimevano
rigenerare	rigeneri
protocollare	protocollino
affumare	affumerebbero
farcela	facendocela
gripparsi	si grippino
cicatrizzarsi	cicatrizzati
ammoinare	ammoinante
stortare	storterà
politicizzare	politicizzino
distrarsi	si distraesse
encomiare	encomiava
parlamentare	parlamentasti
solubilizzare	solubilizzano
ravvivare	ravvivava
noverare	novereremmo
scongiurare	scongiurassimo
danzare	danzo
infeltrirsi	infeltrendosi
benavere	benai
demoralizzarsi	mi demoralizzavo
rattristare	rattristerà
zannare	zannammo
schiumare	schiumavo
riarmarsi	si riarma
ridovere	ridovessi
abbigliarsi	vi abbigliavate
tedeschizzare	tedeschizza
attenzionare	attenzioneremmo
riadoperare	riadoperereste
terziarizzare	terziarizza
accanire	accaniremmo
classificare	classificheranno
impiastrare	impiastrassero
imbrodare	imbrodi
brunire	brunivi
raggrupparsi	ti raggruppasti
destruggere	destrugge
spannocchiare	spannocchiereste
stogliere	stolto
accanalare	accanalavate
quadruplicarsi	quadruplicatevi
appropinquarsi	mi appropinquavo
catabolizzare	catabolizzammo
pargoleggiare	pargoleggiando
mobilitare	mobiliteresti
ricontrollare	ricontrollerai
scusare	scusaste
asfissiare	asfissiante
rivitalizzare	rivitalizzava
periziare	perizierei
reimpiegare	reimpiega
schiantarsi	schiantantesi
rapprendere	rapprendiamo
informarsi	si informano
malversare	malversò
sprigionare	sprigionavo
mortificare	mortifica
tratteggiare	tratteggiavo
secretare	secreterai
preporre	preporrò
barrare	barri
calafatare	calafatasse
denominare	denomino
accontentarsi	vi accontentiate
torrefare	torrefacciano
scorniciare	scorniciare
volgarizzare	volgarizzante
inferocire	inferocisco
scomunicare	scomunichino
incasinare	incasinasti
accallare	accallerei
affacciare	affacci
agguardare	agguardi
scompigliare	scompiglierai
appassire	appassivamo
controprovare	controprovaste
sottoutilizzare	sottoutilizzerebbe
raggrinzirsi	mi raggrinzirei
fidarsi	si fiderebbero
imbattersi	ti imbattessi
rateare	rateerà
subodorare	subodorerai
prevaricare	prevarichino
abbambinare	abbambinerai
pressurizzare	pressurizzerà
riconfigurare	riconfiguravano
rioperare	rioperaste
vendemmiare	vendemmieremo
elettrolizzare	elettrolizzammo
steccare	steccarono
disconnettersi	disconnettiamoci
impadronirsi	vi impadronirete
fruire	fruiscano
sfornire	sfornendo
esonerarsi	mi esonerassi
ingracilire	ingracilite
settuplicare	settuplicare
tagliare	tagli
intrippare	intrippassi
putrire	putriremmo
imbarcarsi	vi imbarcavate
ridacchiare	ridacchierà
arare	arereste
disimprimere	disimpressi
toccare	toccammo
frastagliare	frastagli
disonorare	disonoriamo
premiare	premino
spolettare	spolettate
ammanigliare	ammanigliassi
denominare	denominava
snazionalizzare	snazionalizzino
riferirsi	si riferiranno
ravvoltolarsi	mi ravvoltolerei
spazientire	spazientisci
sgottare	sgotti
intavolare	intavolino
perplimere	perplimette
ageminare	ageminavamo
affievolire	affievoliamo
arrapare	arrapassi
contrattaccare	contrattacchi
asseverare	asseverare
aziendalizzare	aziendalizzai
torcersi	torcendosi
sfornare	sfornino
avviarsi	ci avviavamo
angustiare	angusti
temperare	temperare
ninfeggiare	ninfeggereste
insterilirsi	si insteriliranno
sfibbiare	sfibbiamo
riepilogare	riepiloghi
isterilire	isteriliremmo
bucare	bucaste
capovolgersi	si capovolgerebbe
pogare	pogarono
allegrare	allegrerò
antropizzare	antropizziamo
disinvolgere	disinvolgerebbero
ledere	ledendo
sigillare	sigillassimo
spergiurare	spergiuravate
escuotere	escoteranno
sottoporsi	si sottoponga
fingersi	vi fingereste
congregarsi	congregati
indagare	indaghiamo
cornificare	cornifica
trapporre	trapponevo
equare	equerei
inacetire	inacetisci
defraudare	defraudavate
amminutare	amminuteremo
illudere	illudessi
ripudiare	ripudiavi
sbozzimare	sbozzimeranno
zampognare	zampogniamo
sopire	sopisce
ulcerare	ulcerino
preprogrammare	preprogrammerebbero
scindere	scindano
infiggere	infiggeremo
sbozzare	sbozzassimo
rincontrare	rincontriamo
calibrare	calibravano
basciare	basciassero
deidrogenare	deidrogenavamo
impigliare	impigliarono
offrirsi	ci offrimmo
scolparsi	vi scolpate
varcare	varcassi
invocare	invocherei
inciuccarsi	mi inciuccherò
sedimentare	sedimenti
ammarrare	ammarreremo
locare	locato
emozionarsi	ti emozioni
raccozzare	raccozzasse
reinoltrare	reinoltri
discomporre	discomporrai
riputare	riputa
medagliare	medagliare
rammollirsi	ci rammollivamo
impaginare	impagini
stancarsi	si stancava
arroventare	arroventi
riascendere	riascenderanno
intorbidirsi	si intorbidirebbero
lottare	lottassi
addentare	addentaste
infilzare	infilzi
afflosciare	afflosciaste
insaccare	insacchiamo
spodestare	spodestereste
cogitare	cogiti
acquietare	acquietaste
cumularsi	si cumulò
regolamentare	regolamentarono
indorare	indorino
spostarsi	si sposterebbero
terrorizzare	terrorizziamo
scoscendere	scoscendevo
intercalare	intercali
consentire	consentiranno
bannare	bannano
incretinirsi	vi incretinivate
scarificare	scarificaste
influenzare	influenzerebbe
proteggere	proteggeremmo
sbudellare	sbudellerebbe
abbruscare	abbruscasti
cucinare	cucinavamo
uccidersi	si uccide
impegolarsi	si impegolino
appruarsi	vi appruaste
ingravidare	ingravidate
ritogliere	ritoglievamo
domiciliare	domiciliasse
riformulare	riformuliamo
eterizzare	eterizzai
abbiadare	abbiadi
versificare	versificarono
moccicare	moccicheranno
geometrizzare	geometrizzerebbero
rivivificare	rivivifichi
ingorgarsi	ingorgato
mareggiare	mareggiavi
ingrossare	ingrossiate
privare	privassi
espiantare	espianta
rifulgere	rifulgerai
scattare	scattavi
rannuvolarsi	vi rannuvolavate
prezzare	prezzassimo
riformulare	riformulerei
attutirsi	si attutì
rivedere	rivedano
impallidire	impallidiste
brindare	brindavano
sbeffeggiare	sbeffeggiò
rassicurare	rassicura
striare	strio
annichilare	annichili
commiserare	commiseraste
coniare	conierai
sbrilluccicare	sbrilluccicherebbe
discantare	discanti
regolarizzarsi	si regolarizzò
sbreccare	sbreccherai
riboccare	riboccheresti
immergere	immerga
ispessire	ispessimmo
attualizzare	attualizzava
esternare	esternammo
incappottare	incappottasse
leccarsi	ti lecchi
granire	graniva
scorticarsi	scorticati
arrotare	arrotassi
inscrivere	inscriva
rinsavire	rinsavii
stupefarsi	mi stupefarei
stravaccarsi	stravaccati
mattonare	mattoni
immobilizzare	immobilizzavo
cablare	cablino
nichelare	nicheleremo
snellire	snelliremmo
stropicciarsene	se ne stropicciasse
contendere	contenderei
discomporre	discomposero
rivolgere	rivolgevamo
incappucciare	incappucciamo
passivare	passiviamo
bandire	bandiate
scalare	scalavi
cessare	cessaste
inorgoglire	inorgoglisca
volvere	volveresti
sostituire	sostituiremo
meritarsi	si meritavano
imbullonare	imbullonavo
rimettere	rimetti
valutarsi	mi valutavo
insonorizzare	insonorizzammo
inchinare	inchinasti
appropinquarsi	si appropinquavano
riacciuffare	riacciufferei
prepararsi	vi preparereste
evitare	evita
capacitarsi	si capacitassero
ancheggiare	ancheggiarono
delineare	delineerebbero
alternarsi	mi alternavo
gatteggiare	gatteggio
individuare	individui
casualizzare	casualizzo
inacetire	inacetisti
feltrarsi	si feltrassero
rirendere	rirendessimo
sgonfiare	sgonfiamo
arpionare	arpioni
specializzare	specializzerei
simbolizzare	simbolizzino
esperimentare	esperimenteresti
impolparsi	si impolpava
ribollire	ribollite
ammorzare	ammorzeresti
prepotere	prepotete
risparmiarsi	mi risparmio
edurre	edurrei
mercerizzare	mercerizzaste
addolorarsi	ti addolori
broccare	brocchi
impalare	impalerete
accogliersi	accogliete
addolorare	addolora
appallottolarsi	appallottolati
sfrondare	sfrondando
rastremarsi	si rastremerebbero
sopire	sopiva
ridivenire	ridivenivo
adacquare	adacquate
dissentire	dissentiamo
ombreggiarsi	vi ombreggiavate
simboleggiare	simboleggia
sottorappresentare	sottorappresentiamo
palare	palando
centinare	centinerò
oltrepassare	oltrepassi
spromettere	spromettete
europeizzare	europeizzava
omettere	omettono
defungere	defungano
scorniciare	scorniciate
stormire	stormivo
ramazzare	ramazzeresti
rivedere	rivedrai
prendersela	se la prenderanno
rimasticare	rimastichi
pedalare	pedalo
guatare	guatarono
interfacciare	interfacciavo
riprendere	riprendiamo
ingenerarsi	si ingenerò
sconvolgersi	si sconvolgano
agganciarsi	agganciandosi
eguagliare	eguagliate
esulcerare	esulceri
appropinquare	appropinquerei
vaneggiare	vaneggiate
assettare	assettereste
isolarsi	isolandosi
angustiare	angustiavano
sbiettare	sbiettassi
fecondare	fecondaste
randellare	randellerai
rimbeccarsi	si rimbeccasse
commentare	commenterebbe
urgere	urgeste
discreditare	discrediterebbe
toccare	toccavate
amnistiare	amnistiamo
impiparsi	si impipava
bilanciare	bilanciassi
transcendere	transcendiamo
amnistiare	amnistiammo
archeggiare	archeggiano
indire	indirò
risollevarsi	si risollevava
allenare	allenereste
consentirsi	ci consentimmo
survoltare	survoltasti
enfatizzare	enfatizzava
riallineare	riallineeremo
scapicollarsi	mi scapicolli
radicaleggiare	radicaleggiano
largire	largivano
quietarsi	ti quietavi
estendere	estenda
martoriare	martoriare
sforzarsi	mi sforzavo
autoaffondarsi	ci autoaffondammo
sfondare	sfondarono
diffamare	diffamante
sperticarsi	mi spertico
scardinare	scardinerebbero
trascurarsi	mi trascuro
vetrificare	vetrifico
intossicare	intossicherebbero
affrancare	affrancato
intisichire	intisichiremmo
acciecare	acciechiate
ricontrattare	ricontrattassi
affuocare	affuocavano
computerizzare	computerizzammo
ingobbirsi	ti ingobbisti
scarmigliare	scarmigliarono
spiegare	spiegherebbero
crucciarsi	si crucciava
divezzare	divezzassi
elitrasportare	elitrasportate
omologare	omologheresti
disorganizzare	disorganizzerebbe
choccare	choccheresti
interferire	interferivate
crogiolarsi	si crogiolino
stangare	stangherete
sopraedificare	sopraedificare
smascherarsi	ti smascherasti
servoassistere	servoassistettero
gassificare	gassificasti
camerare	camereremmo
degassare	degassavate
infossarsi	ti infossi
enfiare	enfierebbero
attendersi	ti attendi
valere	valiate
niellare	niellerà
infingere	infingevamo
starsene	te ne stavi
eiettare	eiettano
sciacquarsi	mi sciacquassi
intorbidare	intorbidano
strutturalizzare	strutturalizzate
colorire	colorissi
derogare	derogherà
sbudellarsi	ti sbudelli
rappacificarsi	vi rappacificaste
sostenersi	ci sosteniamo
ribenedire	ribenedicemmo
discomporre	discomporranno
stilare	stilaste
accollare	accollo
legalizzare	legalizzavano
omologare	omologhi
amministrare	amministri
notare	noti
virare	vireresti
ricontrattare	ricontratteranno
ricaricarsi	ti ricaricheresti
smussare	smusserò
destreggiarsi	si destreggiasse
petrarcheggiare	petrarcheggerebbe
originarsi	si originerebbero
spremere	spremerete
rimembrare	rimembri
classicheggiare	classicheggiando
augumentare	augumentò
asciugarsi	vi asciugavate
degustare	degusteranno
contronotare	contronotaste
ritardare	ritardassero
pimentare	pimentate
accorciarsi	si accorciò
sgrondare	sgrondasti
sfarfallare	sfarfalli
impegnarsi	ti impegnavi
scavezzare	scavezzerei
lasciare	lasciassimo
sbollentare	sbollenteremmo
damare	damavate
differire	differiscano
autocommiserarsi	autocommiseriamoci
spiegarsi	ti spieghi
basculare	basculassi
suburbanizzare	suburbanizzato
gloglottare	gloglotti
assediare	assediasti
sfrattare	sfrattato
rimemorarsi	vi rimemorereste
sviare	sviano
sciupacchiare	sciupacchierebbe
accomodare	accomodi
reintrodursi	reintroducendosi
seppellirsi	si seppellì
rituffarsi	si ritufferà
appuntare	appunterai
oltrapassare	oltrapassato
rifrangersi	si rifrangevano
sbrinare	sbrini
schiantare	schianti
colpevolizzarsi	mi colpevolizzassi
estinguere	estinguerò
lustrarsi	mi lustravo
rinsaccare	rinsaccassimo
sartiare	sartiare
utilizzare	utilizzando
inventarsi	inventato
impregnare	impregniamo
bastire	bastisca
affiliarsi	vi affiliereste
cascare	cascai
desistere	desistette
ingigantire	ingigantirò
defenestrare	defenestrerai
monottongare	monottonghino
malversare	malversi
rattizzare	rattizzavi
abbellare	abbelli
scagionarsi	si scagionano
sbracciarsi	si sbracceranno
arrembare	arrembavi
imperare	imperare
fervere	ferverebbero
assecurare	assecura
paventare	paventerebbe
corrugare	corrughi
recingere	recingerai
correlare	correli
coeditare	coeditarono
disistimare	disistimeremo
rilevarsi	rileviamoci
deglutire	deglutirebbe
aggiogare	aggiogassi
disciogliersi	mi disciolsi
striarsi	striatevi
beccare	beccare
rubacchiare	rubacchiando
rinvitare	rinvito
acceppare	accepperemmo
adeguarsi	adeguandosi
grandeggiare	grandeggiato
autodichiararsi	si autodichiararono
disperdersi	ci disperdevamo
disassuefarsi	si disassuefacevano
risaldare	risaldiamo
innescarsi	si innescassero
accapigliarsi	si accapigliasse
colludere	colludeste
frollarsi	si frollò
sovrapporsi	ci sovrapporremmo
consorziarsi	si consorziavano
sparire	sparisca
addarsi	ti addavi
putrefare	putrefaccio
storpiarsi	mi storpiai
bruciacchiare	bruciacchiavano
rimpiazzare	rimpiazzeremo
arrangiarsi	si arrangi
dischiudere	dischiuderete
abbinare	abbini
ausare	ausereste
snudare	snudare
specchiarsi	ti specchieresti
svitare	sviteremo
arcuare	arcuerai
attendersi	attendentesi
sussurrare	sussurrerebbero
garbare	garberebbe
martirizzarsi	vi martirizzaste
inzotichire	inzotichente
affaccendare	affaccendasti
dimettersi	ci dimetteremo
ruzzolare	ruzzolante
sgorbiare	sgorbierei
irraggiare	irraggereste
seguitare	seguitiamo
scorciare	scorciasse
fosfatare	fosfati
inviluppare	inviluppereste
politicizzarsi	ci politicizzammo
stimarsi	stimantesi
sciare	scino
arrazzare	arrazzaste
rabbonire	rabbonii
buscarsi	vi buschereste
berciare	bercerò
appuntellare	appuntellaste
disossidare	disossideremo
damare	damasse
scagionare	scagionassimo
predare	predò
notiziare	notizieremo
filosofare	filosofi
sradicarsi	mi sradicherò
percuotere	percuota
impaurire	impaurisco
cianfrinare	cianfrinavo
appiattirsi	ti appiattisti
volturare	volturarono
distanziarsi	si distanziarono
narrare	narravate
volicchiare	volicchiaste
rivendicare	rivendicavo
allenare	allenavi
scalfirsi	si scalfisca
imprecare	imprecate
vicariare	vicariate
scacazzare	scacazzare
contristare	contristerei
materializzare	materializzaste
radersi	radetevi
stizzirsi	ti stizzissi
oscurare	oscureranno
defosforare	defosforino
fiancheggiare	fiancheggiai
spiattellare	spiattellerà
conguagliare	conguagliaste
autofinanziarsi	vi autofinanzierete
sclerotizzare	sclerotizzi
monetarizzare	monetarizzò
reclinare	reclinaste
biodegradare	biodegradiamo
riascendere	riascenda
riserbarsi	mi riserberei
intossicarsi	vi intossicherete
accreditare	accreditato
preavvisare	preavvisato
aumentarsi	aumentatevi
pungere	pungeresti
trasformare	trasformano
flemmatizzare	flemmatizzate
assetare	assetavi
santificare	santificherò
olire	oliamo
commissariare	commissari
moccicare	moccicava
poetare	poetassi
disproporzionare	disproporzionasti
transporre	transponiamo
gareggiare	gareggiante
irritare	irriteresti
reincarnare	reincarneresti
ritmare	ritmiamo
vuotarsi	si vuotarono
gioire	gioì
ossidarsi	mi ossidi
martirizzarsi	si martirizzasse
basire	basisca
lapidare	lapideresti
fare	facciamo
scompaginarsi	ci scompaginiamo
riappiccicare	riappiccicassimo
sostituirsi	si sostituisse
abbrostolire	abbrostoliate
smobiliare	smobiliate
refrigerare	refrigeraste
avviticchiare	avviticchiarono
insilare	insilasti
odorare	odorerai
disattendere	disattendete
seppellire	seppelliste
giuntare	giuntavi
afflosciare	afflosciai
pedinare	pedinassi
girare	giriamo
eccellere	eccellerai
disingannarsi	mi disingannerei
scolpire	scolpiva
radersi	si rase
radicalizzare	radicalizziamo
ribere	riberresti
spergere	spergerebbe
compensare	compensai
portarsi	si portano
arguire	arguissi
sfanalare	sfanali
accavezzare	accavezziamo
sterilizzare	sterilizzassimo
cautelare	cautelasse
riutilizzare	riutilizzereste
posporre	posponeva
moraleggiare	moraleggiavate
astrologare	astrologhereste
spidocchiare	spidocchia
diffondere	diffonda
rinascondere	rinasconderebbe
consociarsi	vi consociate
sovramodulare	sovramoduleranno
punirsi	ci puniamo
proliferare	proliferiamo
affluire	affluito
inviluppare	inviluppò
giostrarsi	si giostrano
presumere	presumiamo
rinterrare	rinterrerà
forwardare	forwarderebbe
imbarcarsi	si imbarcava
quantizzare	quantizzerei
pregiudicarsi	vi pregiudicavate
destatalizzare	destatalizzava
circulare	circulerete
dirompere	dirompere
decidersi	si decidano
strizzare	strizziamo
immusonirsi	si immusonisca
fruire	fruirebbe
compungere	compungerei
decapare	decapaste
incorporare	incorporerebbe
sgrommare	sgrommeranno
ricalcolare	ricalcoliamo
tambureggiare	tambureggiassimo
fluorizzare	fluorizziamo
fiocinare	fiocinassimo
aguatare	aguatassi
accalcare	accalchiate
riaccasare	riaccaso
mordicchiarsi	si mordicchierà
zampicare	zampicavate
meritarsela	se la meriti
ammonticellare	ammonticellante
ovariectomizzare	ovariectomizziamo
collidere	collida
ozonizzare	ozonizza
impiantarsi	impiantarsi
incerare	incererebbero
rifondere	rifonderà
deselezionare	deselezionate
complimentare	complimentò
ordinare	ordinassimo
addebbiare	addebbia
comprare	comprerai
evangelizzare	evangelizzerò
sbattezzare	sbattezzaste
risplendere	risplenderà
compartire	compartite
rimaneggiare	rimaneggiai
condensarsi	condensato
bigiare	bigiarono
accartocciarsi	ci accartocciammo
sbrattare	sbrattassi
scannare	scannerebbero
dissimulare	dissimuli
seviziare	sevizierai
smarrire	smarrissi
verrinare	verrinammo
odiarsi	odiantesi
chiaroscurare	chiaroscurando
sacralizzare	sacralizzassi
festeggiare	festeggi
decostruire	decostruiscano
rinnovarsi	vi rinnovaste
congiurare	congiurassimo
delirare	delireremmo
insegnare	insegnammo
disinvolgere	disinvolgerò
illanguidire	illanguidisca
reddere	reddi
confabulare	confabulavo
dotare	dotasse
insabbiarsi	si insabbieranno
solleticare	solleticai
muffire	muffisci
impataccarsi	vi impataccaste
condolersi	vi condolete
infilarsi	mi infilerò
ingrassare	ingrasserò
ghindare	ghindavamo
bancare	bancavano
ammollarsi	vi ammollereste
precedere	precederesti
graficare	graficò
trepidare	trepiderei
situarsi	si situano
demeritare	demeriti
piagare	piagano
scorzare	scorzerò
intrugliare	intruglino
spiombare	spiombassimo
refrigerare	refrigererai
rissare	rissa
ozonizzare	ozonizzate
smembrarsi	ci smembreremo
schermirsi	ti schermiresti
smungere	smungessero
vuotare	vuoterei
spaurirsi	si spauriscano
eccitare	ecciterebbe
arrenare	arrenerebbero
psicologizzare	psicologizzando
flangiare	flangiò
campeggiare	campeggiato
circonfondere	circonfonde
aggattonare	aggattoniate
affiochirsi	si affiochirebbero
incappucciarsi	incappucciati
fucilare	fucilasse
impolpare	impolpassi
rintristire	rintristisca
scarnare	scarni
bamboleggiare	bamboleggeremmo
autoregolarsi	vi autoregolereste
sfondare	sfondante
caldeggiare	caldeggio
mulinare	mulinaste
raccozzare	raccozzerà
gironzolare	gironzolaste
rimodellare	rimodellavate
traghettare	traghettò
inscrivere	inscrivessi
trasfigurare	trasfigurava
mordicchiarsi	ti mordicchi
svenare	svenino
agitarsi	mi agiti
insospettirsi	ti insospettisca
decelerare	deceleravi
affabulare	affabulai
scattare	scatti
pagaiare	pagaiamo
abbrostolare	abbrostolino
satollare	satollai
bofonchiare	bofonchiante
ammanierare	ammanieeranno
gemmare	gemmavi
confabulare	confabulerebbe
spremere	spremano
corcare	corcavate
soprelevare	soprelevasti
pasticciare	pasticci
spaventare	spaventiamo
piacersi	si piacque
sostantivare	sostantiviamo
rimborsare	rimborsi
compiangere	compiangevate
rinarrare	rinarra
annotare	annoti
sgasare	sgasavate
immucidire	immucidissi
sgroppare	sgroppando
arrendere	arrendevi
sviolinare	sviolinerò
tradirsi	vi tradireste
uscirsene	usciamoci
stringare	stringammo
aggranchire	aggranchissimo
cannibalizzare	cannibalizzai
avvantaggiare	avvantaggiaste
zittirsi	si zittiscano
allentare	allentasse
ossessionare	ossessionino
ostruirsi	si ostruissero
guazzare	guazzassi
sfrangiare	sfrangiavate
padreggiare	padreggeremo
reggersi	mi reggerò
attraversare	attraversasti
bisellare	bisellaste
adunghiare	adunghieranno
sfiorarsi	vi sfioriate
buggerare	buggererete
formulare	formulerai
dissolversi	mi dissolvessi
decuplicarsi	ti decuplicavi
azzerare	azzerate
sprovincializzare	sprovincializziamo
abbrividire	abbrividire
acclimatarsi	si acclimati
smattonare	smattona
bestemmiare	bestemmiai
contornarsi	ti contorni
vernalizzare	vernalizzassi
disconnettere	disconnetterò
rivoltare	rivolterai
proseguire	proseguirei
canforare	canforavo
sconsacrare	sconsacrate
biasimare	biasimeremo
retinare	retini
attaccarsi	si attaccherebbero
apocopare	apocopassi
servire	servono
arcaizzare	arcaizzano
reinsediare	reinsedia
denotare	denotaste
ridarsi	si ridiano
concludere	concluderei
rinsanire	rinsaniate
sdrucirsi	si sdrucisca
clusterizzare	clusterizziamo
arroncare	arroncassi
spelarsi	ti speli
bipartire	bipartimmo
depauperarsi	mi depauperai
confricare	confrichiamo
reciprocare	reciprocherà
deprimere	deprimendo
affacciarsi	vi affacciaste
destrutturarsi	mi destrutturavo
umiliarsi	si umiliava
tossicchiare	tossicchi
macchiare	macchieranno
riposizionare	riposizioniamo
denigrare	denigrano
sottendere	sottendete
scegliersi	sceglientesi
omologare	omologassi
afferire	afferisca
bloccarsi	ti bloccasti
devastare	devasterebbe
conchiudere	conchiuderai
recedere	recediamo
appannarsi	si appannarono
incocciare	incoccerebbero
distanziarsi	mi distanziassi
inciuchire	inciuchisse
inciuciare	inciuciassimo
computare	computaste
scagionare	scagiono
mutilare	mutilò
rinculcare	rinculcheremmo
scontare	scontò
sgravare	sgravasti
tranquillizzarsi	vi tranquillizzerete
sillabare	sillabino
strascinarsi	si strascinino
feltrare	feltri
incretinirsi	ti incretinivi
stabilizzare	stabilizzassi
rimuoversi	si rimuova
difendere	difendessero
candeggiare	candeggiate
subaffittare	subaffitti
calafatare	calafataste
riscontrarsi	ti riscontri
intercettare	intercettano
disanimare	disanimi
affamare	affamiate
indennizzare	indennizzeremmo
introdursi	ci introducevamo
vangare	vangheresti
squilibrare	squilibrino
lustrare	lustrate
solvere	solvevate
degustare	degustava
emozionare	emozionassero
sballottare	sballottiamo
estremizzare	estremizzavate
spingere	spingete
sbeffeggiare	sbeffeggeremo
raggranchire	raggranchisca
colpire	colpirono
zittirsi	ti zittivi
sottovalutare	sottovaluteremmo
affrangere	affrangessero
latineggiare	latineggiavano
accaffare	accaffi
imparentare	imparentavano
sgommare	sgommavate
immettere	immetteresti
contrappesare	contrappesino
estrinsecarsi	mi estrinsecherei
classicheggiare	classicheggi
frastornare	frastornava
burocratizzare	burocratizzerei
affascinare	affascinassi
veleggiare	veleggerò
rinfrancarsi	si rinfrancasse
abbrutirsi	si abbrutiscano
appagare	appaghi
toelettare	toelettiamo
linkare	linkereste
dissuggellare	dissuggellassi
shakerare	shakerarono
anticipare	anticipassimo
sconoscere	sconoscerebbe
rosicare	rosicando
cerchiare	cerchierai
assolvere	assolsi
pronunziare	pronunzieremo
allontanarsi	si allontana
riassaggiare	riassaggiavo
disabilitare	disabilitavi
interfacciare	interfaccerebbe
controsoffittare	controsoffittavo
cointeressare	cointeresserò
rialzarsi	ti rialzeresti
copiare	copierai
svenire	svenivate
vocalizzare	vocalizzava
zompare	zompa
connaturarsi	vi connaturereste
coagularsi	ti coagulavi
reassumere	reassumemmo
rincontrarsi	mi rincontrai
nodrire	nodrivano
ricospargere	ricospargeranno
mascolinizzarsi	mi mascolinizzerei
abborrare	abborrando
sbattezzarsi	sbattezzantesi
retroagire	retroagiscono
sbattere	sbatterei
acquadernare	acquadernino
mancare	mancaste
diligere	diligiamo
innamorare	innamorino
dislocare	dislocando
turbarsi	mi turbai
opporsi	vi opporreste
riputarsi	si riputano
festonare	festoniate
trarsi	si trarrebbe
stabilire	stabilisca
rifoderare	rifoderino
frapporre	frapponiate
inviperire	inviperisca
ridorare	ridoriamo
disfarsi	ti disfacessi
incellofanare	incellofanavo
trascolorarsi	si trascolorassero
prosciugarsi	si prosciugheranno
filettare	filetti
colonizzare	colonizziamo
singhiozzare	singhiozzato
assumersi	si assuma
ricombinarsi	si ricombinino
pesarsi	ti peseresti
spettacolarizzare	spettacolarizzavano
aereare	aereo
someggiare	someggia
vantaggiare	vantaggino
barattare	barattasse
ragionare	ragionerete
urlare	urlerete
azzerare	azzerante
accreditare	accreditò
formare	formerete
pubblicizzare	pubblicizzerei
deregolare	deregolate
sbafare	sbafaste
sgovernare	sgovernarono
suggestionarsi	vi suggestionaste
rintanarsi	vi rintanavate
lattare	lattante
precipitarsi	si precipitavano
spiattellare	spiattellerebbero
defenestrare	defenestrerà
elargire	elargirò
bighellare	bighellerò
ripestare	ripesterei
fluttuare	fluttuiamo
svestirsi	ti svestisti
struccarsi	vi struccaste
accipigliarsi	si accipigliarono
procurare	procurassi
sinizzare	sinizzavano
sciancrare	sciancrate
sguazzare	sguazzassimo
accaffare	accaffate
dissodare	dissodassero
grommare	grommerà
sillogizzare	sillogizzassimo
rietichettare	rietichettano
permettere	permetto
scorciarsi	scorciantesi
strombare	strombassero
risvolgere	risvolgere
offrire	offriremo
innervare	innervi
cedere	cediamo
posdatare	posdaterai
televedere	televedemmo
rifare	rifacciate
confessarsi	mi confessi
cazzottare	cazzotti
asciare	ascia
approfittarsene	se ne approfittasse
cagare	cagavi
ravanare	ravanasse
erudirsi	si erudiscano
connettersi	mi connetto
diffidarsi	mi diffiderò
avvolvere	avvolvevi
ampliare	ampliate
spanare	spanino
crocefiggere	crocefiggessero
raccomandare	raccomandereste
regolarsi	ci regoliamo
collocarsi	si collocano
smorzarsi	si smorzerebbe
scarrellare	scarrellerai
marginare	marginavamo
rigodere	rigodesse
specchiare	specchiassimo
annegare	annegai
sovrimporre	sovrimporrei
occidentalizzare	occidentalizzarono
ottenebrare	ottenebrerete
solforare	solforerebbe
invaghirsi	mi invaghii
ricomporsi	si ricomporrà
quadruplicarsi	quadruplicati
stecconare	stecconeresti
autogovernarsi	si autogovernino
reinnestare	reinnesti
attizzare	attizzereste
soddisfarsi	ti soddisfacessi
sventare	sventavo
appartare	apparteranno
arroventarsi	mi arroventavo
accentuare	accentuato
deratizzare	deratizzare
predigerire	predigerisco
fronteggiare	fronteggiai
suddividersi	ti suddivideresti
spulciare	spulciavate
transistorizzare	transistorizzavano
alloppiare	alloppieremo
ammassicciarsi	ammassicciandosi
smarrire	smarrite
provocare	provocassi
incontrarsi	si incontrerebbero
sorbire	sorbisci
marcire	marcendo
parcare	parcavamo
tippare	tippasti
arruffianare	arruffianeremmo
infiocchettare	infiocchettavate
spiluccare	spiluccato
scamozzare	scamozzassi
effingere	effinga
accarpionare	accarpionaste
insultare	insultino
giudicarsi	si giudicò
imbianchire	imbianchiscono
infrangere	infrangeranno
ribattezzare	ribattezzerà
direzionare	direzionaste
commissionare	commissionavo
foggiare	foggia
praticare	praticheremo
macadamizzare	macadamizzare
odorare	odori
asserragliarsi	si asserraglino
richiamarsi	si richiamassero
occidentalizzare	occidentalizzaste
mummificare	mummificavi
ingemmare	ingemmaste
apocopare	apocopavate
deconcentrare	deconcentrerai
perseguire	perseguirà
capivolgere	capivolgeremo
madrigaleggiare	madrigaleggiamo
digiungere	digiungevano
riformulare	riformulando
ripitturare	ripitturare
inchiavardare	inchiavardate
obnubilarsi	ti obnubilassi
fottersene	ce ne fottiamo
aggelare	aggelassi
detenere	detenevo
ridiscorrere	ridiscorra
geometrizzare	geometrizzavo
tropicalizzare	tropicalizzare
affacciarsi	si affacci
rollare	rollammo
pizzicare	pizzichiamo
svendere	svendi
smurare	smurante
giostrarsela	ve la giostrerete
brillantare	brillanteranno
sciancare	sciancavi
dorare	dorereste
lenire	leniamo
lenire	lenisti
ignorarsi	ci ignoreremmo
quietare	quietando
ricrocifiggere	ricrocifiggendo
sensorizzare	sensorizzassero
narrativizzare	narrativizzerebbero
pluralizzare	pluralizza
otturare	otturo
fendersi	ti fendi
abbassarsi	vi abbassaste
addestrare	addestra
smantellare	smantellereste
bisbocciare	bisbocceremo
strascicare	strascicato
riagguantare	riagguanteranno
abbarbare	abbarbammo
rimpacchettare	rimpacchettiate
inviperire	inviperiamo
deresponsabilizzarsi	vi deresponsabilizzate
disidratare	disidratasse
rimboscare	rimboscavamo
vagire	vagirono
appertizzare	appertizzasse
rimenare	rimenava
reinserirsi	ci reinserivamo
suffondere	suffonderei
prescegliere	prescelto
striminzirsi	vi striminziste
stravolere	stravorrebbe
fregarsi	mi fregherei
trebbiare	trebbierebbe
misconoscere	misconoscendo
raddoppiare	raddoppiassimo
ripicchiare	ripicchi
braccare	braccassi
volteggiare	volteggerà
dilungarsi	vi dilungaste
fondere	fonderesti
disinflazionare	disinflazionava
attribuirsi	attribuito
vagheggiare	vagheggiando
grugare	grugassi
estradare	estradassimo
gemere	gemerai
affondare	affonderesti
smerlettare	smerletti
curare	curaste
universalizzare	universalizzerebbero
deperire	deperirei
impermeabilizzare	impermeabilizzavo
instradare	instraderesti
elettrizzare	elettrizzate
tarmare	tarmiamo
mordicchiare	mordicchieremmo
autosomministrare	autosomministrasti
giostrarsela	se la giostrasse
sopravvalutarsi	ti sopravvaluteresti
correre	corriamo
ducere	ducere
forarsi	mi forassi
demordere	demorderei
appulcrare	appulcravo
freddarsi	ci fredderemo
traporre	traponga
arrocare	arrocheremo
ingozzarsi	ingozzati
sfiorarsi	si sfiorano
impreziosire	impreziosendo
supportare	supportò
sporgere	sporgesti
vasectomizzare	vasectomizzò
sbagliarsi	si sbaglia
rodere	rose
subconcedere	subconcedereste
triplicare	triplicate
forbire	forbiranno
screditare	screditassero
succedere	succeda
vinificare	vinifichi
ricattare	ricattavi
svelenirsi	svelenirsi
debuttare	debuttare
curvare	curveremmo
ribenedire	ribenedicessimo
liberalizzare	liberalizzassi
rimpiallacciare	rimpiallacceresti
diffondere	diffondessero
scavezzare	scavezziate
orlare	orlassi
travestirsi	si travestirono
intimidirsi	mi intimidisca
prillare	prillando
centuplicare	centuplichi
esibirsi	si esibirebbero
schiumare	schiumai
cogitare	cogitava
esporsi	si espongono
autolimitarsi	ti autolimiti
spezzonare	spezzonano
capponare	capponando
connettersi	si connettano
addottrinarsi	addottrinantesi
mixare	mixi
ramazzare	ramazziamo
inzolfare	inzolfavo
ferire	ferisca
falcidiare	falcidiavi
xerocopiare	xerocopierai
sballare	sballerebbero
immalinconire	immalinconiamo
tremare	tremasti
rifermentare	rifermenta
fiscaleggiare	fiscaleggiando
reagire	reagiscano
piallare	piallando
confluire	confluirò
curvarsi	si curvi
sbiettare	sbietterebbe
acciottolare	acciottola
annoverare	annoveriamo
raccogliersi	raccolto
tumultuare	tumultuerò
ammansire	ammansisca
acutizzare	acutizzò
cospergere	cospergeste
sfoderare	sfodereremmo
infiammare	infiammiate
rimodernare	rimodernava
spogliare	spoglierò
impedire	impedirà
ispanizzare	ispanizzavo
appesire	appesire
smaltarsi	mi smalto
sgolarsi	si sgolasse
acciottolare	acciottoliamo
effondere	effondereste
accendersi	accendentesi
azzoppire	azzoppirai
traspirare	traspirassimo
dissestare	dissesterà
ulolare	ulolammo
inzuccare	inzuccherò
reidratare	reidratò
biforcarsi	mi biforco
saccheggiare	saccheggiarono
permeare	permea
configurarsi	si configurerebbe
affratellare	affratellerete
politicizzare	politicizzante
sbranarsi	ti sbraneresti
prepararsi	si preparano
idratare	idratarono
auscultare	ausculterai
ciondolare	ciondolerai
coricare	coricaste
insediare	insedierò
intercambiare	intercambiamo
sfaccendare	sfaccendi
stare	staresti
autodenunciarsi	si autodenuncerebbe
scorificare	scorificherà
contingere	contingeresti
ficcarsi	mi ficcai
addolorare	addolorate
infossarsi	si infossino
ringuainare	ringuainerà
estrarre	estraeva
impratichirsi	ti impratichirai
concretarsi	si concretino
disapprendere	disapprendendo
dispromettere	dispromettiamo
accertarsi	accertiamoci
dilungare	dilungavano
manualizzare	manualizzerà
avversare	avversiate
elargire	elargiranno
infischiarsi	infischiato
subire	subisci
azzimarsi	si azzimò
abbrivare	abbriva
mandare	mandare
deodorare	deodorasti
idrolizzarsi	si idrolizzarono
parcare	parchiamo
suscitare	suscitante
affaticare	affaticheremmo
distillare	distillino
farneticare	farnetichi
spennacchiare	spennacchiassimo
strofinare	strofinai
ripretendere	ripretenda
sbracarsi	sbrachiamoci
imbrattarsi	ti imbrattasti
contenere	conterranno
biscottare	biscottavamo
fiorettare	fiorettavamo
trascrivere	trascrivano
sumere	sumessi
indirizzare	indirizzante
intrappolare	intrappolavano
rifocillare	rifocillando
riscappare	riscapperei
ammorbidire	ammorbidiscano
precisare	precisammo
involare	involino
infirmare	infirmavo
frangere	frangendo
illividire	illividii
vivacizzare	vivacizzare
raziocinare	raziocinerò
proseguire	proseguiremo
disacidificare	disacidifichiamo
brogliare	brogliano
cartavetrare	cartavetrassi
ammiccare	ammiccavo
videochattare	videochattate
appianarsi	appianati
ridestarsi	ci ridesteremmo
fondersi	si fonderà
riprendersi	si riprendevano
cheratinizzare	cheratinizziate
operare	operi
seppellirsi	ci seppellivamo
spirantizzare	spirantizzeremmo
sganciare	sganciò
beccheggiare	beccheggia
moltiplicare	moltiplicando
disdire	disdiremo
deprimersi	deprimetevi
sclerotizzare	sclerotizzerà
prescegliere	prescelgo
aggranchiare	aggranchiassi
rimappare	rimappavi
putire	putiate
conglutinarsi	ti conglutinerai
immalinconire	immalinconiscano
intristire	intristente
soprammettere	soprammetteranno
vedere	vedreste
coltrare	coltrerò
strimpellare	strimpelli
olire	olito
scialare	scialate
rifilare	rifilate
prosciugarsi	vi prosciugaste
sbrindellare	sbrindellarono
ossedere	ossederesti
svestirsi	ci svestissimo
ridurre	ridurreste
crioconcentrare	crioconcentri
carcerare	carceri
espirare	espirai
atterzare	atterzo
querelare	quereliamo
trasdurre	trasdurremmo
salariare	salari
strapparsi	strappantesi
redimere	redimeremo
sbarellare	sbarellerete
predisporre	predisporrete
emendare	emendiamo
discaricare	discaricavate
controventare	controventiamo
denunziarsi	vi denunziaste
intimare	intimai
smussarsi	mi smusserei
riaffermarsi	riaffermatevi
ribadire	ribadisci
azzurrare	azzurrai
miagolare	miagolasti
molleggiarsi	vi molleggiate
segare	segavano
impilare	impilavano
effettuare	effettui
incappucciarsi	mi incappuccio
sparigliare	sparigliava
diagnosticare	diagnostichino
insidiare	insidi
lisare	lisiate
scarrucolare	scarrucolo
percentualizzare	percentualizzo
datare	dateremmo
ghigliottinare	ghigliottinai
disviare	disviamo
ammutinarsi	si ammutinasse
sciancarsi	si sciancò
troneggiare	troneggi
constatare	constaterai
riallineare	riallineassi
inzigare	inzighereste
riclassificare	riclassificò
intitolarsi	si intitolassero
articolarsi	mi articolai
ragionare	ragionaste
granire	granisse
radioattivare	radioattiva
riperdere	riperdessimo
disquisire	disquisivi
bisellare	biselli
distinguere	distinguete
erigersi	mi erigerei
detestare	detestavi
incartapecorire	incartapecorissimo
annasare	annasate
smallare	smallaste
tarmarsi	ci tarmavamo
ginnare	ginnava
anemizzare	anemizzeremmo
riscommettere	riscommetteresti
turarsi	ci tureremmo
attagliarsi	vi attagliereste
storcere	storcevo
nitratare	nitraterà
poltrire	poltrii
annientare	annientava
piccarsi	piccarsi
illanguidire	illanguidirebbe
trapungere	trapungerebbe
valorizzarsi	valorizzatevi
avviluppare	avvilupperai
agguardare	agguardavate
deperire	deperiste
scordare	scordare
scodinzolare	scodinzoliate
deglutire	deglutiresti
possedere	possedevo
riassegnare	riassegnarono
riavvicinare	riavvicinaste
rimuovere	rimuoveste
osservarsi	vi osservaste
pulsare	pulsassimo
spiare	spieremo
riappendere	riappendete
sfrattare	sfrattavano
riporgere	riporgete
copiare	copi
abbuiarsi	si abbuino
invasare	invaserete
squilibrarsi	si squilibra
ostacolare	ostacoliate
rattristarsi	vi rattristaste
emigrare	emigrammo
spennarsi	ti spennasti
industrializzare	industrializza
sperare	sperato
orezzare	orezzereste
ricettare	ricetteranno
gassare	gasso
buffare	bufferesti
scritturare	scrittureranno
orzare	orza
migliorarsi	si migliorerebbe
rateare	rateassimo
indottrinare	indottrinai
barbugliare	barbugliando
girovagare	girovagasse
biodegradarsi	mi biodegradassi
cinguettare	cinguettaste
ubiquitinare	ubiquitinai
dirigersi	si dirigessero
vandalizzare	vandalizzino
entrarci	c' entri
rapprendersi	vi rapprenderete
tallire	talliva
invasare	invaseranno
strasapere	straso
ommettere	ommettono
sottopassare	sottopassava
uncinare	uncinate
avverarsi	ci avverammo
inturgidirsi	si inturgidisca
impicciare	impicciato
fumare	fumerò
belare	belino
rinvoltolare	rinvoltolando
incancrenirsi	vi incancreniste
rifocillare	rifocillammo
sgomentarsi	mi sgomentassi
separare	separeranno
dogare	dogasti
attovagliare	attovagliato
attardarsi	ti attardassi
ammanicarsi	mi ammanicassi
dileguare	dileguassero
sbigottirsi	sbigottisciti
sciabicare	sciabichi
fucilare	fucilarono
sgorgare	sgorgasti
aggiucchire	aggiucchiamo
defiscalizzare	defiscalizzante
marezzare	marezzeranno
disseminare	disseminassero
espugnare	espugneresti
procurarsi	si procurò
rimarginarsi	si rimarginò
smollicare	smollicavano
trarre	tragga
esercire	esercirai
giustapporre	giustapponevate
spazientirsi	si spazientiscono
discutere	discutiamo
azzoppare	azzoppante
affacciare	affacciamo
zollare	zollerò
riscoppiare	riscoppi
testimoniare	testimonierai
congiungere	congiunga
dispensarsi	si dispensa
anglicizzarsi	ti anglicizzeresti
lappare	lappino
cannibalizzare	cannibalizzereste
riaggiornare	riaggiorno
preprogrammare	preprogrammeremo
pascersi	si pascesse
scalcare	scalcaste
oppignorare	oppignorassimo
sottosviluppare	sottosviluppiamo
rigare	righerete
raccontarsi	si racconterebbe
aprirsi	mi aprivo
nobilitare	nobiliteremmo
virare	viriamo
aggallare	aggalliate
inturgidirsi	vi inturgidireste
sentirci	ci senti
trasmettere	trasmettiamo
propagare	propagassi
rallentarsi	si rallentò
alleare	allei
controindicare	controindicavano
cernere	cerneresti
rattoppare	rattopperanno
sgretolarsi	ti sgretolassi
ricoverarsi	vi ricovererete
tripudiare	tripudi
corrugarsi	si corrughino
sfarinarsi	sfarinato
sloggiare	sloggerai
terrificare	terrifichi
sparpagliare	sparpaglierà
panificare	panifichiate
attagliarsi	si attaglierebbe
murare	murò
vellutare	velluto
rodere	rodete
millantare	millantaste
inflettere	inflettere
professarsi	ci professammo
barellare	barelli
trattenere	tratterrete
intaccare	intaccammo
riconciliare	riconciliaste
appaltare	appalteranno
vendersi	vi vendeste
cifrare	cifrano
scricchiolare	scricchiolerai
proliferarsi	ci proliferiamo
monetizzare	monetizzassero
volpare	volpavi
rintanare	rintani
selciare	selcerà
tonalizzare	tonalizzerebbero
distorcere	distorcerà
familiarizzarsi	mi familiarizzai
anatrare	anatriate
rastrellare	rastrellano
ricircolare	ricircolaste
dedurre	dedurrai
innescare	innesca
arraffiare	arraffiassi
desegretare	desegretarono
annichilarsi	si annichilino
demanializzare	demanializzarono
sbozzolare	sbozzolante
battersela	battersela
acidare	acidassimo
fotocomporre	fotocompongono
appiccolire	appiccoliate
datare	datante
riscotere	riscota
sbaragliare	sbaragliò
architettare	architetto
poggiarsi	si poggiasse
arruolarsi	si arruolassero
videogiocare	videogiocassero
sorbettare	sorbettiamo
accattivare	accattivaste
favoreggiare	favoreggiamo
tramortire	tramortirei
esigere	esigerebbe
affondare	affondi
interrare	interrai
rilavare	rilavavamo
agguerrire	agguerrireste
penalizzare	penalizzerò
invigliacchire	invigliacchivano
fotocomporre	fotocomponente
monitorare	monitorano
stempiarsi	ti stempi
devastare	devasta
disorientarsi	ci disorientassimo
disancorare	disancoravate
soffocare	soffocaste
ringiovenire	ringioveniscano
disvolere	disvorrai
estradare	estradare
albeggiare	albeggia
esacerbare	esacerberai
fraternizzare	fraternizzate
scendere	scendente
addimorare	addimorai
scazzottarsi	si scazzotterebbe
ostruire	ostruivi
inumare	inumare
rifugiare	rifugiasse
bravare	bravammo
reimmergere	reimmergete
oppilare	oppili
ricolonizzare	ricolonizzi
sfumare	sfumaste
bandire	bandisce
attrezzarsi	vi attrezzereste
aggiungersi	si aggiungerebbero
soprastampare	soprastampavamo
deflemmare	deflemmerei
marinare	marineremo
ritoccare	ritoccheremo
premettere	premettesse
predisporsi	ti predisponessi
petrarcheggiare	petrarcheggereste
finlandizzare	finlandizzava
rammemorarsi	si rammemorasse
risoggiungere	risoggiungeste
adattarsi	adattatevi
cartolarizzare	cartolarizzò
rigiocare	rigiocavo
spaccarsi	ci spacchiamo
lacerarsi	si lacera
curare	curassi
infrattarsi	vi infratterete
sfaldarsi	ti sfaldavi
immatricolare	immatricolassimo
stigliare	stigliasse
ricaricarsi	mi ricaricassi
reintrodursi	vi reintroducevate
coventrizzare	coventrizzi
rindurire	rindurirà
inverminire	inverminisca
numerizzare	numerizzi
raggrupparsi	si raggruppa
cagarsi	ti caghi
ruminare	rumina
pastorizzare	pastorizza
sbendare	sbendò
addizionare	addizionai
pimentare	pimenteremo
pullulare	pullulano
zoppare	zopperebbe
accarezzarsi	mi accarezzassi
sperimentare	sperimenterei
indebolire	indebolisti
scoiare	scoiassimo
cheratinizzare	cheratinizzeremo
contraddistinguere	contraddistingua
riagganciare	riaggancerete
scotomizzare	scotomizzo
contrarsi	ti contraessi
ubidire	ubidiresti
radersi	vi radevate
intrappolare	intrappoleresti
numerare	numerò
centrifugare	centrifugherò
incipriare	inciprieremmo
spalmarsi	spalmarsi
virgolare	virgolavi
allearsi	mi allei
sciancrare	sciancri
incomodare	incomodassimo
reincarnare	reincarnare
resecare	resecaste
dilungarsi	vi dilungavate
rifiltrare	rifiltri
stinguere	stingueremo
arbitrare	arbitrano
intossicarsi	intossicatevi
elasticizzare	elasticizzi
aggettivare	aggettiverete
guardarsene	me ne guardi
addimorare	addimorare
ripurgare	ripurgò
imbrancarsi	ci imbranchiamo
ristabilirsi	si ristabiliscano
fruttare	frutti
incalorire	incalorivo
scroccare	scroccaste
ritorcere	ritorce
nullificare	nullificheresti
paragrafare	paragraferanno
informatizzare	informatizzava
filare	filo
ostacolare	ostacoleremmo
sciacquare	sciacquino
modellarsi	si modellava
abbatuffolare	abbatuffolai
scalfirsi	ti scalfirai
sottovalutarsi	si sottovalutassero
cavarsi	si cavasse
prorompere	prorompiamo
arianizzare	arianizzò
svalutare	svalutai
manomettere	manomettesti
ripagare	ripagherebbe
deviare	deviamo
riapprovare	riapproveresti
ossequiare	ossequiante
asteggiare	asteggi
ondeggiare	ondeggiavamo
normare	normerebbe
rabbuiarsi	ti rabbui
sfociare	sfocerei
aggiungere	aggiungete
ingrandire	ingrandito
baraccare	baraccaste
disidratare	disidratavo
dipanare	dipanerà
lavorare	lavori
allenare	alleni
avariarsi	mi avarierei
metaforizzare	metaforizzaste
rimilitarizzare	rimilitarizzate
disordinare	disordinereste
acconciarsi	si acconcino
arrocare	arrochiamo
riappropriarsi	ci riappropriassimo
sobbollire	sobbolli
adacquare	adacqui
accollarsi	si accollava
smorbare	smorbi
nuocere	nuocciano
gelificare	gelificano
premurare	premuraste
impromettere	imprometteremmo
granagliare	granagliavo
ampliare	ampliamo
aiutarsi	vi aiutiate
orripilare	orripilaste
scaraventare	scaraventavamo
circumcingere	circumcingete
impoverire	impoveriremo
rimpicciolire	rimpicciolite
autorizzare	autorizzino
accaffare	accaffavi
architettare	architetteresti
delibare	delibi
fuggire	fuggii
fruttificare	fruttificheremmo
adularsi	si adulerebbe
schematizzare	schematizziamo
riassumere	riassumessero
riascendere	riascendevo
decongelare	decongelavi
terziarizzare	terziarizzi
fiscaleggiare	fiscaleggi
sottrarsi	ti sottrarrai
ghiacciare	ghiacci
ricontare	ricontino
disinnamorarsi	mi disinnamori
succingere	succingeste
scansarsi	ci scansiamo
tranciare	tranciate
complimentare	complimenteresti
arrivare	arriverete
fidanzare	fidanzai
derubare	derubo
autoregolamentarsi	autoregolamentatevi
estasiare	estasiassi
stropicciare	stropicciavi
cuccare	cucchi
rinterrogare	rinterrogaste
improsciuttire	improsciuttivamo
trasporre	trasporrei
spettegolare	spettegoliamo
causare	causante
ricondizionare	ricondizioniamo
slargare	slarghino
svettare	svettassi
munire	munì
accanare	accanante
stroppiare	stroppieremo
scaldarsi	si scaldano
riadattare	riadatti
smallare	smallerò
raccomodare	raccomodiamo
sminare	smino
minuire	minuivo
addestrarsi	ci addestriamo
avvoltolarsi	si avvoltoli
seguirsi	seguendosi
equivalere	equivalessi
inceppare	incepperete
visitarsi	si visitino
sfinirsi	si sfiniscano
acclimatare	acclimatavano
riputarsi	si riputarono
distaccare	distacchi
spossare	spossaste
ramingare	ramingante
recarsi	si recavano
ricodificare	ricodificando
perlustrare	perlustriamo
sbalzare	sbalzammo
declamare	declamare
intelaiare	intelaiaste
cristianizzare	cristianizzasti
pontificare	pontifichi
virtualizzare	virtualizzerebbe
accavezzare	accavezzavate
insufflare	insufflasti
straccare	straccherete
folgoreggiare	folgoreggeremo
derequisire	derequisiremmo
ammanierare	ammaniei
citarsi	si citava
impicciare	impicciamo
sottocapitalizzare	sottocapitalizzai
talentare	talenterà
appinzare	appinzi
snervarsi	si snervasse
straorzare	straorziate
impastare	impastasti
arenarsi	ti areni
russificare	russificavano
intermezzare	intermezzerai
arrecare	arrechiate
fallire	fallisco
variare	variammo
deidratare	deidratate
impetrare	impetrassi
levare	leverebbero
dragare	dragassi
inutilizzare	inutilizziamo
abbigliarsi	ti abbiglierai
rimagliare	rimagliasti
sbendare	sbenderebbe
ostacolarsi	mi ostacolavo
quintuplicare	quintuplichiamo
piovigginare	piovigginato
disciplinare	disciplinassi
rimpiazzare	rimpiazzavi
trattenersi	vi tratteniate
commensurare	commensurassi
urlare	urlate
ansimare	ansima
sbalzare	sbalzerebbero
raunare	rauna
piagare	piagando
ricominciare	ricominciammo
riconvertire	riconverta
disanimarsi	mi disanimavo
ovviare	ovviasse
abbonarsi	mi abbonerò
vocabolarizzare	vocabolarizzate
arrivare	arriviamo
decriminalizzare	decriminalizzerà
spaurirsi	ci spauriremmo
sfoggiare	sfoggi
brancolare	brancoleremmo
disimballare	disimballavo
beccheggiare	beccheggiavo
spugnare	spugnassero
ingarbugliare	ingarbugliamo
sbugiardarsi	mi sbugiardo
aspirare	aspirerei
indebitarsi	ti indebiteresti
resecare	resecavo
rinfocolare	rinfocoli
maramaldeggiare	maramaldeggerete
abbrusciare	abbrusciasti
schivare	schivassero
catramare	catramo
ozieggiare	ozieggeranno
scodinzolare	scodinzolava
caducarsi	ti caducassi
intercorrere	intercorriamo
sbandierare	sbandiera
difettare	difettino
scostare	scosterete
poppare	poppa
provenzaleggiare	provenzaleggiava
intermezzare	intermezzereste
preselezionare	preselezionavamo
orecchiare	orecchino
contrattare	contratteranno
debbiare	debbiamo
dispiacere	dispiacevano
sprizzare	sprizzo
debellare	debellavano
molleggiarsi	si molleggiassero
svendere	svendono
brucare	brucaste
spurgare	spurghi
strepitare	strepitasse
vuotarsi	mi vuotavo
deflazionare	deflazionavo
ammalarsi	si ammalavano
urgere	urgiamo
stonare	stonasti
archeggiare	archeggiavate
riaccomodarsi	mi riaccomoderei
poligrafare	poligrafarono
asciare	asciavamo
arraffare	arraffereste
centrifugare	centrifugavi
becchettare	becchetteremmo
parteggiare	parteggi
ruzzolare	ruzzola
sfarinare	sfarinerei
rullare	rulliamo
ammantellare	ammantellassi
spadroneggiare	spadroneggiate
sbugiardare	sbugiardi
sbollire	sbolliva
sfanalare	sfanalaste
affissare	affissa
insecchire	insecchireste
raggomitolare	raggomitolate
ammencire	ammencisca
stazzare	stazzò
ritagliare	ritagliaste
ammonire	ammoniscano
tribbiare	tribbiante
espiare	espierò
decernere	decernete
istituire	istituiscano
schifare	schifa
vicariare	vicariamo
disossare	disossate
astrologare	astrologhi
attorniarsi	mi attornio
contenere	contieni
passarsi	vi passiate
ansimare	ansimiamo
cognoscere	cognosco
tritare	tritaste
rincuorarsi	si rincuorò
faticare	fatichereste
sbalordirsi	ci sbalordiamo
dovere	dovuto
zippare	zippiamo
potersi	mi potrei
attaccare	attaccherebbero
adescare	adescherete
sopraporre	sopraponeste
pregiarsi	mi pregiai
sfinire	sfinissi
sfegatarsi	sfegatato
viversi	ci viviamo
boicottare	boicottano
invetriare	invetrierete
rispiegare	rispieghiamo
bulicare	bulicando
tappezzare	tappezzarono
originare	origini
sgrezzare	sgrezzi
delegare	delegammo
attivare	attivando
rimpiattarsi	rimpiattantesi
imbolsire	imbolsiremmo
sveltire	sveltissimo
ambientare	ambientiate
rimutare	rimutasse
perfezionarsi	ci perfezioniamo
teorizzare	teorizzavo
assaporire	assaporiamo
avocare	avocheresti
definire	definireste
avvelenare	avvelenerei
rialzarsi	rialziamoci
orlare	orlavano
rintontire	rintontiate
disancorare	disancori
autotrasportare	autotrasporterebbero
congetturare	congetturi
ritrattare	ritratti
palafittare	palafitterete
ostentare	ostentassi
stringersi	stringendosi
rincentrare	rincentrava
ridivenire	ridivengono
svolvere	svolvevamo
barrare	barrerai
annebbiare	annebbiavo
ammaliare	ammalia
ripercuotere	ripercosse
ingrandire	ingrandii
sparacchiare	sparacchieremo
sputacchiare	sputacchi
professare	professo
abboccare	abboccante
cimentarsi	vi cimentate
confutare	confuterei
insecchire	insecchissi
raffrenare	raffrenasti
trainare	trainasse
riforestare	riforestassi
argentare	argenteranno
disascondere	disascondono
completare	completiamo
monetarizzare	monetarizzerà
radicarsi	si radicano
autoalimentarsi	mi autoalimenti
allargarsi	vi allargaste
stritolare	stritolerei
curare	curante
arroventare	arroventante
sbeccare	sbecchiamo
assaettare	assaettino
esperire	esperiremmo
sfornellare	sfornellerebbe
infrattare	infratterebbero
felicitare	felicitammo
inacidirsi	si inacidì
polemizzare	polemizzasse
ulcerarsi	ci ulceravamo
alloppiare	alloppi
appigionare	appigioneremmo
rasserenarsi	ci rassereniamo
dispergere	disperga
sorprendere	sorprendono
osservarsi	vi osserverete
torrefare	torrefaccio
allentare	allentavate
sfidarsi	ci sfidammo
frullare	frulli
zoccolare	zoccolino
assillare	assillerai
diplomarsi	ti diplomeresti
sfregarsi	ti sfreghi
performare	performeremo
recarvisi	vi si recherebbe
assoldare	assoldato
ingrullire	ingrullivamo
problematizzare	problematizzarono
sfalsare	sfalsare
astringere	astringeresti
riavvisare	riavviserai
ritemprare	ritemprasse
bannare	bannerà
appiattire	appiattì
ciurmare	ciurmiamo
dimensionare	dimensioneremo
trasvolare	trasvoli
stravolere	stravorreste
tramezzare	tramezziamo
rifugiarsi	mi rifugiassi
sottofirmare	sottofirmassi
defilare	defilavi
schiantare	schiantaste
meridionalizzare	meridionalizzando
assomare	assomino
imbarcarsi	si imbarchino
aggradire	aggradisce
scampanare	scampanassimo
sfiduciarsi	vi sfiduciavate
fermentare	fermenterebbe
metanizzare	metanizzate
compartire	compartiste
sintonizzare	sintonizzo
coronare	coronasse
doparsi	ci dopammo
mediare	mediarono
comburere	combura
sfavorire	sfavoristi
prevedere	prevediamo
fregiarsi	vi fregereste
secernere	secerneste
incentivare	incentiveremmo
usurare	usura
rinvoltare	rinvolto
attivare	attiverai
ritemprare	ritempriamo
affrescare	affrescante
occupare	occuperemo
tariffare	tariffava
divinizzare	divinizzavamo
scoraggire	scoraggendo
valorizzarsi	ci valorizziamo
profondere	profonda
scheletrire	scheletrire
peggiorare	peggiorato
rimpossessarsi	si rimpossessi
parlottare	parlotti
scorciarsi	scorciarsi
consolarsi	si consolassero
rosicare	rosicate
scolorirsi	si scoloriranno
slabbrare	slabbravate
assordire	assordite
introvertire	introvertisci
immatricolarsi	immatricolantesi
istruire	istruiscano
incastrarsi	mi incastravo
riconfortare	riconforta
aggravare	aggravaste
brandire	brandiremmo
appaciare	appacerete
incrudire	incrudisse
sciroppare	sciroppando
ustionarsi	mi ustioni
sbugiardare	sbugiardassi
vaneggiare	vaneggiassi
sbandire	sbandisca
insalivare	insalivarono
inabissarsi	ci inabissavamo
dissigillare	dissigillavano
tifare	tifi
agitare	agitato
discacciare	discacci
corrodersi	si corrosero
incettare	incettarono
seccarsi	ci seccammo
pavimentare	pavimenterete
leggicchiare	leggicchio
svuotare	svuotarono
maledirsi	mi maledirò
compenetrare	compenetrate
salvare	salvassero
ruminare	ruminammo
dollarizzare	dollarizzate
soffondere	soffondessi
anteporre	anteponessimo
succhiellare	succhiello
riaggravarsi	ci riaggraveremmo
sfregiare	sfregino
specializzare	specializzarono
soscrivere	soscrissi
sinterizzare	sinterizzino
inzaccherarsi	ci inzaccheravamo
siglare	siglerete
lacerare	lacerando
regionalizzare	regionalizzare
saziare	sazierò
decarbossilare	decarbossilate
inumare	inumeresti
amplificare	amplifichino
sobbarcare	sobbarcherò
collaudare	collaudi
reclinarsi	ci reclinavamo
quintessenziare	quintessenzia
slinguare	slinguate
trabuccare	trabuccasse
refulgere	refulgo
strombazzare	strombazziamo
parlucchiare	parlucchiava
tornarsene	se ne tornavano
sbattersene	ce ne sbattemmo
falciare	falciano
rapprendersi	rapprendetevi
accapezzare	accapezzai
amicarsi	ci amichiamo
ubriacarsi	ci ubriacheremmo
scollegare	scollegai
pervertirsi	si pervertissero
inframezzare	inframezzato
rincalcare	rincalcavamo
insultarsi	ci insultiamo
etichettare	etichetti
impolparsi	si impolparono
assaltare	assaltai
spazzolarsi	si spazzolò
nomare	nomate
guerreggiare	guerreggeremo
marmorizzare	marmorizzerai
esportare	esporti
disarticolare	disarticolarono
quietare	quietano
nauseare	nauseerebbe
avversare	avversavate
falsare	falsaste
rilassare	rilassammo
sfeltrare	sfeltravi
sudarsi	ti suderai
impetrare	impetrerei
frizzare	frizzavi
potenziare	potenziereste
inflettere	inflettessi
desessualizzare	desessualizzerà
ingagliardire	ingagliardiscano
sforare	sforasti
intimare	intimano
aderire	aderiranno
fasciare	fascerai
bilanciarsi	ti bilancerai
cicalare	cicalò
divulgare	divulga
fungere	fungevo
arrisicare	arrisicarono
ipostatizzare	ipostatizziamo
abbelire	abbelimmo
bufferizzare	bufferizzaste
sublocare	sublocammo
ricomprimere	ricomprimerebbero
svolare	svolino
sestuplicare	sestuplicato
allascare	allascaste
fessurarsi	si fessurò
allacciare	allaccerebbe
coordinarsi	coordinarsi
fiammeggiare	fiammeggiavate
bipartirsi	mi bipartisco
invaghirsi	si invaghiscono
smerlettare	smerlettavano
riottenere	riottennero
disappannare	disappannerà
accapottare	accapotteremmo
innalzare	innalzo
ghigliottinare	ghigliottinato
stroppiare	stroppi
corrispondersi	vi corrispondeste
racemizzare	racemizzavate
inarcarsi	inarcati
nidificare	nidificassi
zampognare	zampogneranno
esacerbare	esacerbi
mantenere	manteniamo
produrre	producevi
additare	additando
confederare	confedereremmo
regolarizzare	regolarizzeremmo
riabbonare	riabbonano
aggraticciare	aggraticcerai
paginare	pagini
instradare	instradarono
trasalire	trasalirò
stazzare	stazzammo
stagliarsi	vi stagliaste
tippare	tippino
scheggiarsi	mi scheggiavo
accasermare	accasermerei
irraggiare	irraggiato
monitorizzare	monitorizzassi
intersecarsi	intersecandosi
vellicare	vellicato
cronicizzare	cronicizziamo
lussare	lusseranno
infingardirsi	si infingardiscano
affienarsi	si affieneranno
talentare	talentammo
sparacchiare	sparacchiaste
guaire	guaivano
spalleggiarsi	si spalleggiarono
spicciolare	spiccioliamo
allupare	allupa
fluidizzare	fluidizzante
aspettarsi	aspettiamoci
arrecare	arrechino
colludere	colludo
attraccare	attraccavo
spennellare	spennellavano
cloroformizzare	cloroformizzerete
sistematizzare	sistematizzassimo
preservare	preservi
consorziarsi	si consorziasse
fidarsi	vi fidavate
sacrificarsi	si sacrifichi
compenetrarsi	compenetrato
rincarnare	rincarna
struggere	strussero
raccorciare	raccorciasse
nudricare	nudricherebbe
graticciare	graticcerete
appaiarsi	appaiantesi
guardarsene	te ne guarderesti
puntellare	puntellerà
scalpicciare	scalpicci
impantanarsi	si impantanano
abbondare	abbondiamo
stampigliare	stampigliavano
intentare	intentasti
imbracare	imbrachi
velarizzare	velarizziate
starsene	ve ne state
rifinanziare	rifinanzi
spruzzare	spruzzaste
reassumere	reassuma
africanizzare	africanizzassi
affralire	affralissi
sclerare	sclerate
residuare	residuate
sniffare	sniffassi
storpiare	storpiò
barcollare	barcollavi
ripartirsi	mi ripartissi
rivenire	riverrò
portarsi	ti portasti
disconnettersi	si disconnetteva
intercalare	intercalo
deificare	deificasti
divolgere	divolgi
diffidare	diffidante
psicoanalizzare	psicoanalizzerete
celiare	celiare
trasmutare	trasmutare
raccorciare	raccorcino
ritrarsi	ritraiamoci
murarsi	si muri
migrare	migrereste
dializzare	dializzi
zoppeggiare	zoppeggiassero
inzigare	inzighiamo
digrassare	digrasserebbero
ammattonare	ammattoniamo
approvisionare	approvisioni
giostrarsi	mi giostrai
rimuginare	rimugineranno
sorbirsi	si sorbirebbero
gelatinizzarsi	vi gelatinizzaste
spillare	spillerebbero
screditare	screditerò
soppalcare	soppalchi
afferrarsi	vi afferravate
totalizzare	totalizzino
riemettere	riemisero
socializzare	socializzammo
amarsi	si amò
rinvitare	rinviteresti
sgamare	sgamerai
erudirsi	ti erudisca
ubiquitinare	ubiquitinavamo
ostentare	ostentiamo
adombrarsi	ci adombriamo
regimare	regimerebbero
vivificare	vivificavamo
emozionarsi	si emozionavano
profumarsi	vi profumereste
toccarsi	si toccassero
mimetizzare	mimetizzavano
stenografare	stenograferò
strillare	strillerai
sbaciucchiarsi	sbaciucchiatevi
localizzarsi	localizzantesi
indossare	indossavano
protendersi	ci protendessimo
falsificare	falsificherò
disaccentare	disaccentassero
forare	fora
simpatizzare	simpatizzai
desalinizzare	desalinizzeremo
remare	remammo
indispettire	indispettendo
cabotare	cabotaste
trepidare	trepidando
discaricare	discaricheremo
svelenirsi	si svelenì
riaddormentare	riaddormenti
monocromatizzare	monocromatizzaste
incasinare	incasineremo
poppare	poppiamo
inumare	inumi
esfoliare	esfolierà
discaricare	discaricò
disaccordare	disaccorda
disdire	disdicevano
palatalizzare	palatalizzasti
soluzionare	soluzionavate
sbertucciare	sbertuccia
difendere	difendiamo
imbrancarsi	mi imbrancherei
rintorpidire	rintorpidiremmo
assentire	assentirono
annoiarsi	si annoieranno
scodinzolare	scodinzoli
rifiutarsi	si rifiuti
occidentalizzarsi	vi occidentalizzerete
frastornare	frastornaste
presupporre	presupponevate
mugolare	mugolato
irrorare	irrori
riprestare	ripresterà
rianimare	rianimassi
mestruare	mestrui
andicappare	andicappate
fiorentineggiare	fiorentineggia
parcellizzare	parcellizzereste
infischiarsi	si infischiava
spupazzare	spupazzi
marciare	marcerai
alfabetizzare	alfabetizzavano
inacetire	inacetisca
ebere	eberrebbero
infastidirsi	mi infastidii
impelagarsi	vi impelagerete
reinserirsi	ti reinserirai
esfoliarsi	vi esfoliaste
seviziare	seviziando
premunire	premunito
rifermentare	rifermenteremo
classificarsi	si classificheranno
accoccovarsi	vi accoccoverete
rincitrullire	rincitrullii
rimasticare	rimasticante
sarchiare	sarchiai
ammettere	ammettevi
infangarsi	si infangherebbe
sancire	sancirei
professare	professiamo
incepparsi	ti incepperai
deidrogenare	deidrogeni
lambire	lambireste
calere	calso
mordicchiare	mordicchiando
telefonare	telefonerebbe
restringersi	mi restringerei
slavizzare	slavizzarono
ispirarsi	ispirati
entrarci	entrarci
giustificarsi	vi giustificherete
ridire	ridicemmo
redistribuire	redistribuiremo
movimentarsi	mi movimentassi
asfissiarsi	si asfissiano
intirizzire	intirizziamo
riconsolare	riconsolo
rodere	rodi
incogliere	incolga
ricaricarsi	vi ricaricaste
immischiarsi	immischiatevi
erompere	erompemmo
distinguere	distingueremo
obbligarsi	ti obbligherai
detestare	detestano
attutire	attutissero
strombare	strombate
particolareggiare	particolareggino
intrallazzare	intrallazzassimo
vendicchiare	vendicchiano
coalizzare	coalizzate
disseccarsi	mi disseccavo
affrancarsi	si affrancano
impadronirsi	vi impadronivate
conferirsi	vi conferiate
satollarsi	vi satollaste
ripiantare	ripianta
aggrinzirsi	si aggrinzirebbe
responsabilizzare	responsabilizzaste
nobilitarsi	mi nobilitassi
acceppare	acceppassi
formilare	formila
follare	folla
spicconare	spiccona
reticolare	reticola
alare	alaste
laicizzare	laicizzavo
fidanzare	fidanziate
affaticare	affaticherò
invelenire	invelenirete
delegare	delegavate
mineralizzarsi	mineralizzati
dissezionare	dissezioni
ricomprarsi	mi ricompro
irrorare	irrora
avventurare	avventurerei
invetriare	invetriai
approfondire	approfondisca
risposarsi	si risposerà
assuefare	assuefa
sospendere	sospenda
negativizzarsi	si negativizzi
africanizzare	africanizziamo
riavviarsi	si riavviano
aggettare	aggettò
allearsi	si allearono
abborrare	abborri
traghettare	traghettare
contradire	contradiciate
compatibilizzare	compatibilizzavate
affiatarsi	ti affiati
sbeffeggiare	sbeffeggiato
trasvolare	trasvola
brevettare	brevetti
strattonarsi	si strattonò
strigliare	strigliavi
incagliarsi	incagliato
ancorarsi	ci ancoravamo
imbrillantinare	imbrillantinassi
inginocchiarsi	ti inginocchiasti
rimemorare	rimemoraste
generalizzare	generalizzaste
aggrupparsi	vi aggruppate
morsicare	morsicavi
squilibrarsi	squilibrato
ondare	ondiate
disparire	disparve
cofondare	cofondava
sublocare	sublocavamo
riconnettere	riconnettano
verbalizzare	verbalizzavamo
contattare	contattavi
rapire	rapissi
piccare	piccassimo
infrollirsi	infrollisciti
martellinare	martellinereste
puntellare	puntellino
intorbidirsi	ti intorbidiresti
disintossicarsi	si disintossicherà
rileggersi	si rileggerà
spiaggiare	spiaggiassimo
dotarsi	si doti
sburrare	sburrate
differenziarsi	si differenzi
avvoltolare	avvoltoli
disintegrare	disintegrai
ripromettersi	vi riprometteste
incaponirsi	mi incaponii
negreggiare	negreggi
dilazionare	dilaziona
sovietizzare	sovietizzi
smembrare	smembrò
biennalizzare	biennalizzi
caducare	caduchiate
smaltire	smaltiamo
arrostare	arrostavano
fendere	fenda
infiammare	infiammerai
beccheggiare	beccheggiando
spiaccicarsi	ti spiaccichi
assottigliarsi	assottigliati
intervistare	intervistiamo
centralizzare	centralizza
radiolocalizzare	radiolocalizzi
ristabilizzarsi	si ristabilizza
presentarsi	si presentano
monumentalizzare	monumentalizzerebbe
incornare	incornassi
saccheggiare	saccheggiante
spazientire	spazientireste
intercludere	intercludiamo
spaparacchiarsi	vi spaparacchiate
ricacciare	ricacciasti
incarnire	incarniresti
vestire	vestente
riappiccicare	riappiccicherebbero
collegarsi	vi collegaste
infrangersi	si infranse
propiziarsi	ti propizi
cartolarizzare	cartolarizzavano
svisare	svisare
tepefare	tepefacevate
inflaccidire	inflaccidiscano
cavarsela	ce la cavammo
cessare	cesserei
spalcare	spalcate
sbirbarsela	te la sbirbi
variare	variaste
celare	celereste
sovraimporre	sovraimpongano
grondare	grondi
riportare	riporti
troncare	troncavo
intrallazzare	intrallazziamo
annodare	annoderemmo
folgoreggiare	folgoreggia
intestarsi	vi intestaste
ripuntare	ripuntiamo
zuppare	zuppai
disarmare	disarmavano
tenzonare	tenzonate
arreggimentare	arreggimentò
sdegnarsi	sdegnandosi
coltellare	coltelli
sedersi	sedendosi
insozzarsi	si insozzeranno
scoparsi	vi scopavate
rivoltare	rivoltino
raccorcire	raccorciva
oggettualizzare	oggettualizzavano
incorrere	incorresse
ottenebrare	ottenebreremmo
crescere	cresco
rimpaginare	rimpaginiamo
compenetrare	compenetrino
vincere	vince
repellere	repelle
dequalificare	dequalifica
esplicare	esplichiamo
liquidare	liquidavamo
sovrapporre	sovrapponga
sottodividere	sottodividesti
cresimare	cresimeresti
scarseggiare	scarseggiate
orizzontarsi	mi orizzonterò
arabizzarsi	ti arabizzi
scavezzare	scavezzi
sbalzare	sbalzi
bersi	bevuto
lignificarsi	vi lignificaste
sondare	sondava
arridere	arridesti
desolforare	desolforerà
spergiurare	spergiurassero
eclissare	eclissare
foracchiare	foracchierei
campicchiare	campicchiassi
selezionare	selezioniamo
bacchettare	bacchetteranno
ammanicarsi	si ammanicava
accosciarsi	si accosciassero
frondeggiare	frondeggiammo
taroccare	taroccate
discoscendere	discoscenderò
catabolizzare	catabolizzeremo
annestare	annestarono
scannellare	scannellino
prostituirsi	si prostituiscono
affrettare	affrettavo
ripagare	ripagavamo
squalificare	squalifichino
impennarsi	ti impenneresti
scocciare	scocci
teletrasportare	teletrasportammo
spiritualizzare	spiritualizzerei
indulgere	indulga
reimpiegare	reimpiegassi
riallacciarsi	riallacciati
delirare	deliravi
ventolare	ventolando
rinsavire	rinsaviremmo
guerreggiare	guerreggi
banalizzare	banalizzava
concretarsi	si concretava
obbiettare	obbiettavo
sostenersi	ci sostenessimo
trasportare	trasportassero
rinfilare	rinfili
encomiare	encomiò
benavere	benavemmo
fruttare	frutterai
solcare	solchiamo
imparentare	imparentando
costituire	costituisti
sintetizzare	sintetizzi
riaffermarsi	mi riaffermerò
surclassare	surclasseranno
trincerare	trincerino
incordarsi	mi incorderei
inacetire	inacetirebbero
festeggiare	festeggiante
vagliare	vagliare
sonorizzare	sonorizzasse
romanticizzare	romanticizzando
ricompattarsi	vi ricompattate
borbottare	borbottavi
sonare	sonavano
scancellare	scancellereste
calafatare	calafatando
copiare	copiavi
imbastire	imbastiamo
scorzare	scorziamo
sonare	soni
ravvedersi	ci ravvedremmo
orientarsi	mi orienterò
cambiarsi	ti cambi
disvalere	disvalgono
appruarsi	si appruasse
abissare	abissai
smettere	smetterebbero
compostare	composteranno
massacrarsi	massacrato
trasferire	trasferisci
imbizzire	imbizzire
denocciolare	denoccioleremmo
consegnare	consegnino
oscurare	oscuri
grugare	grugherebbero
innestarsi	si innesterebbe
stritolare	stritolare
ascrivere	ascriverai
rimbiondire	rimbiondirà
distruggere	distruggano
incuoiare	incuoiassero
mesticare	mesticante
scomporsi	mi scomposi
circonfluire	circonfluivo
saltare	saltante
cogestire	cogestissi
atteggiare	atteggi
figliare	figliare
piantumare	piantumavate
incuocere	incuoci
tecnologizzare	tecnologizzi
ocheggiare	ocheggiassi
crossare	crossino
abbrostolire	abbrostoliscano
setacciare	setacciarono
qualificare	qualificavamo
ninnolare	ninnoli
ricercare	ricercherebbero
scarpinare	scarpiniamo
reticolare	reticolerebbero
sgelare	sgelerete
rialzarsi	rialzantesi
sminuirsi	si sminuisse
strologare	strologava
derequisire	derequisiva
impetrare	impetravate
soppesare	soppesassi
ribellarsi	vi ribellereste
sparire	sparivate
scarpinare	scarpineremo
emendarsi	si emenderà
disidentificare	disidentificate
licenziarsi	ci licenziamo
congelarsi	si congelino
destoricizzare	destoricizzo
graziare	graziassi
mettere	mettessero
permettere	permettesti
inguaiarsi	ci inguaiavamo
mulcire	mulcisse
peregrinare	peregrini
sopraelevare	sopraelevaste
iniettare	iniettate
spadellare	spadellino
sprigionare	sprigionavi
inzupparsi	si inzuppava
catalizzare	catalizziamo
assediare	assedia
incidere	incida
isolare	isoliamo
panneggiare	panneggiavo
incingere	incingere
remigare	remigassi
preludiare	preludi
disamorare	disamorato
abburattare	abburattino
dirupare	diruperei
pertenere	pertengono
riaccostare	riaccostate
contrappesarsi	contrappesati
equiparare	equiparassi
storcersi	si storceranno
adoprarsi	ti adopri
imbizzire	imbizzissero
amareggiarsi	si amareggino
bitumare	bitumassimo
aggravare	aggravato
immatricolare	immatricolaste
saggiare	saggia
gonfiarsi	si gonfieranno
affagottare	affagotterò
sceverare	scevererebbe
civettare	civetti
spettinare	spettineremo
irrogare	irrogheranno
aggrappare	aggrappassimo
allessare	allessare
sgasare	sgaserò
videocomunicare	videocomunicheresti
robotizzarsi	si robotizzano
sfilare	sfila
alfabetare	alfabetassimo
confezionare	confezioni
svendere	svendessi
appallottolarsi	ci appallottoliamo
srotolare	srotolerà
consumere	consunto
rindossare	rindossino
schiudere	schiudesse
squamare	squamaste
accumularsi	mi accumuli
custodire	custodissero
relazionare	relazionare
coprodurre	coprodotto
scapigliare	scapigliando
reindustrializzare	reindustrializzerò
ammalarsi	ci ammaleremo
rinviare	rinvi
arrotondare	arrotondassero
inorgoglire	inorgogliranno
cibare	cibiamo
salamoiare	salamoiaste
arrostarsi	mi arrostassi
usurarsi	ci usuriamo
crocchiare	crocchiato
piegare	piegò
cinematografare	cinematografi
ammortizzare	ammortizzeremmo
abbracciare	abbraccerebbero
rigurgitare	rigurgiteresti
lessare	lessiamo
appacificare	appacificherai
ripercuotersi	ripercuotersi
riseminare	riseminerebbe
rimpinzarsi	mi rimpinzi
rimorire	rimorisse
circonscrivere	circonscrivessi
astenersi	astenuto
annaspicare	annaspicava
debordare	debordo
acquetare	acqueteremo
alloggiare	alloggiassi
correlare	correlerà
esplicare	esplicato
disarcionare	disarcioni
ammarrare	ammarrerò
stralodare	stralodava
intimorirsi	si intimoriva
sbigottirsi	ci sbigottimmo
monopolizzare	monopolizzavate
arricciare	arricci
frollare	frollano
instillare	instillassero
additivare	additiviamo
rivivere	rivivesse
pirateggiare	pirateggiate
imbrigliare	imbrigliasti
strabiliare	strabilate
spolmonarsi	si spolmonerà
imbroncire	imbroncente
tranciare	trancerei
radiodiffondere	radiodiffondere
spalancare	spalanchino
sussurrarsi	ci sussurreremo
frammentarsi	ci frammenteremmo
accessoriare	accessori
esporsi	si espone
infuocare	infuocò
incannucciare	incannucci
ondulare	onduleresti
clorurare	cloruravate
costringere	costringente
assemblarsi	si assembli
ristabilirsi	vi ristabilivate
esumare	esumiamo
curarsi	ci curammo
ossigenarsi	si ossigenino
industrializzare	industrializzerà
spaurire	spaurirei
diffrangere	diffranto
inviarsi	si inviassero
colorare	colorammo
asseverare	asseveriate
colliquare	colliqui
prepensionare	prepensioni
valutare	valuti
propagginare	propagginò
ripurgare	ripurghi
impermeabilizzare	impermeabilizzai
vezzeggiarsi	vezzeggiato
depurarsi	depurarsi
prostendere	prostenderai
ambiare	ambi
dispiacere	dispiaccia
cospargersi	si cosparga
frastornare	frastornassi
cartolarizzare	cartolarizzino
sfegatarsi	si sfegati
scottarsi	ti scotterai
rinormalizzare	rinormalizzassi
infilzare	infilzate
ingolosirsi	ti ingolosissi
intripparsi	vi intrippereste
progredire	progredirai
autoprodurre	autoproduceste
velinare	velini
assimigliare	assimiglierà
azzoppire	azzoppissi
punirsi	punito
valutare	valutano
riconvincere	riconvinca
specolare	specolammo
stigliare	stiglia
sfamare	sfamò
accogliere	accoglieste
graffiarsi	ti graffi
rintoccare	rintoccherei
inviperire	inviperii
risplendere	risplendendo
accovonare	accovoni
frammettersi	ci frammetteremo
riunire	riunirò
recarvisi	vi mi reco
rifornirsi	mi rifornissi
infuocarsi	ti infuocheresti
ricandidarsi	si ricandiderebbe
vocalizzare	vocalizzaste
mescolarsi	si mescolerebbe
riaffacciarsi	vi riaffacciavate
asfissiarsi	vi asfissiaste
adequare	adequammo
menstruare	menstruano
rinfocolare	rinfocolerai
incappucciarsi	ci incappucciammo
disqualificare	disqualificherebbe
profondarsi	ti profondavi
orbitare	orbitante
trafiggere	trafiggiamo
attorcigliare	attorciglierei
scarrocciare	scarroccia
oltraggiare	oltraggiassi
massaggiarsi	vi massaggerete
innevare	innevassi
gradinare	gradinino
nullificare	nullificato
premorire	premorirei
disinvolgere	disinvolgeste
diplomare	diplomi
cabotare	cabotava
appigliare	appiglierebbero
travasare	travasi
azzardare	azzardassi
velocizzarsi	vi velocizzereste
terminare	terminiamo
toscanizzare	toscanizzante
incontrarsi	vi incontraste
rincentrare	rincentrai
fosforare	fosforerai
imborghesire	imborghesivo
sussurrare	sussurriate
precipitarsi	si precipitò
pacificare	pacificai
discompagnare	discompagnavamo
rischiarare	rischiarate
scappellare	scappello
dilatarsi	ti dilatassi
scozzonare	scozzoni
inviarsi	vi inviaste
inasprire	inaspriscano
elasticizzare	elasticizzerà
dinoccolare	dinoccolerebbe
impensierirsi	ci impensierimmo
rinviare	rinviaste
tosare	tosare
complimentarsi	mi complimentassi
accampanare	accampanato
mortasare	mortasavano
citare	citando
ricontrollare	ricontrollate
incerottare	incerotta
ripopolarsi	mi ripopoli
idrolizzare	idrolizzò
zummare	zummate
margottare	margotteremo
udire	udirei
spezzarsi	vi spezziate
trapporre	trapporrai
presiedere	presiedete
sfrenarsi	si sfrenerà
stufarsi	mi stuferò
risciacquarsi	ci risciacquiamo
direggere	diregge
labbreggiare	labbreggiare
assordire	assordissi
affiochire	affiochivo
segnalare	segnalerebbero
cullarsi	ti culli
rammendare	rammendi
oscillare	oscilla
ingorgare	ingorgassimo
inzaccherarsi	inzaccherato
urlare	urlino
squittire	squittiresti
atterzare	atterzavo
satollare	satollaste
soppesare	soppesa
mansuefare	mansuefaccia
disvolere	disvogliano
azionare	aziono
riportare	riportavamo
scocciare	scoccino
sgravare	sgravò
merlettare	merlettassimo
apologizzare	apologizziate
disconfiggere	disconfiggevi
destalinizzare	destalinizzate
derogare	deroghino
velinare	velinino
irrugginire	irrugginirai
pasticciare	pasticci
riprestare	ripresteresti
argentare	argenti
disamorare	disamorerebbero
vistare	vistavano
piratare	pirataste
rimettersi	mi rimetto
rabbonire	rabboniva
imbrecciare	imbrecciate
rimpinguare	rimpinguato
inventariare	inventarieremo
rattorcere	rattorceste
pervadere	pervasero
distrigarsi	ci distrigavamo
desquamarsi	si desquamerebbe
acquarellare	acquarellavi
sopprimere	sopprimeresti
discapitare	discapitavamo
darsela	ti davi
prognosticare	prognosticando
cristallizzarsi	ti cristallizzi
indiziare	indizi
segnalarsi	si segnalerà
ascendere	ascenderai
danzare	danzeremo
vaporare	vaporò
vangare	vangherebbero
discernere	discernereste
divulgare	divulgare
casualizzare	casualizzerò
avvisare	avvisavi
invertire	invertissi
avvezzare	avvezzate
scalcare	scalcava
svelarsi	mi svelavo
baipassare	baipasserete
congratularsi	si congratulava
ritagliare	ritagli
gelatinizzare	gelatinizzeranno
risanare	risaniamo
depoliticizzare	depoliticizzereste
ammortare	ammortando
ricamare	ricamato
incamminare	incamminasse
assettare	assettino
pipare	piperai
basire	basente
allegare	alleghi
filtrare	filtrerai
arroccare	arroccaste
reinfettare	reinfettiamo
imbrecciare	imbrecciamo
caricarsi	si caricherebbe
pugnare	pugni
avvitare	avvitaste
sparpagliare	sparpagliavo
iridare	iriderà
ubriacarsi	si ubriachi
strigliare	strigliaste
abbrutire	abbrutiamo
iterare	iteravamo
vigoreggiare	vigoreggi
pavesare	pavesavo
inchiavardare	inchiavardano
rimbacuccare	rimbacucchi
incolonnarsi	mi incolonnerei
rinselvarsi	si rinselverebbe
sacramentare	sacramentiate
liquidare	liquidaste
leggersi	mi leggerò
finlandizzare	finlandizzeranno
intermezzare	intermezzino
esercire	esercisci
stogliere	stoglieranno
tastare	tasti
congedarsi	si congedasse
zippare	zipperesti
dannarsi	mi dannavo
riforestare	riforestiate
infeudare	infeuda
ammodernare	ammodernavamo
astringere	astringiamo
riabitare	riabiterà
rificcare	rificchi
figurare	figurato
impazzire	impazziamo
rinomare	rinomai
inserire	inserisse
allontanarsi	si allontanò
monacarsi	vi monacavate
incastonare	incastonaste
vellicare	vellichi
raffermare	raffermiate
spiccare	spiccavi
schizzettare	schizzetterete
accorcire	accorciranno
respondere	responderete
sovrasterzare	sovrasterzeresti
comicizzare	comicizzarono
stanare	stanasti
disingannarsi	mi disinganni
compatibilizzare	compatibilizzate
bendarsi	ci benderemmo
vagolare	vagoleremo
addormentare	addormentare
retroagire	retroagivano
custodire	custodivi
rispecchiarsi	mi rispecchi
democratizzare	democratizzi
inceppare	inceppavate
seminare	seminiamo
bindolare	bindolassero
estendersi	si estendessero
inasinire	inasinissero
presagire	presagirono
cumularsi	mi cumulassi
sguarnire	sguarniamo
rintorpidire	rintorpidire
abdicare	abdicando
sospirare	sospirasse
velettare	velettando
fare	fa
arrostare	arrostavi
crittografare	crittografò
confondere	confondessimo
toscanizzarsi	vi toscanizzaste
traboccare	traboccherò
strigare	strigavamo
sciancare	sciancavamo
lusingare	lusingherò
enfiare	enfiavo
lottare	lotti
reimbarcare	reimbarcarono
sfrangiare	sfrangiaste
purgarsi	si purga
rincominciare	rincominceranno
ridipingere	ridipingi
agglutinare	agglutinante
prodigarsi	mi prodigherei
rivisitare	rivisitereste
scorzare	scorzavi
prepigmentare	prepigmenti
ingrigire	ingrigivano
vaporizzarsi	ci vaporizziamo
autoassemblarsi	ti autoassemblasti
decondizionare	decondizioniamo
avariarsi	ti avariavi
impestarsi	vi impestate
mascherare	mascherereste
ammortire	ammortiscano
loggare	logghereste
sfanalare	sfanalavo
attendarsi	mi attendo
sottoridere	sorridevamo
sparigliare	sparigliate
disaggregarsi	mi disaggreghi
arridere	arridete
reinstaurare	reinstaurerebbero
incrociare	incroceranno
intervenire	intervenissi
allettare	allettato
impingere	impingano
tempificare	tempifico
cicchettare	cicchetti
riacutizzarsi	vi riacutizzereste
mascolinizzare	mascolinizzino
adempiere	adempiono
impasticcarsi	impasticcandosi
impratichirsi	vi impratichireste
affiorare	affiorerai
infronzolare	infronzolato
coglionare	coglionereste
duettare	duettasti
umidificare	umidificai
respondere	respondevamo
tumulare	tumulassero
distruggersi	si distruggerà
inghirlandare	inghirlanderete
impossessarsi	si impossessarono
imitare	imitare
shuntare	shuntiamo
compromettere	compromise
manutenere	manuteneste
precomprimere	precomprimessi
azzerare	azzeravamo
eroicizzare	eroicizzavano
aulire	aulivamo
svignare	svigneranno
sventagliare	sventagliereste
bisticciare	bisticciante
sbrindellare	sbrindellare
battezzare	battezzavo
allegare	alleghi
introiettare	introiettiamo
arridere	arridano
congestionare	congestionasse
travolvere	travolvevate
affievolirsi	mi affievolirei
metallizzare	metallizzarono
stuzzicarsi	ti stuzzichi
sapere	sapiente
vuotare	vuotarono
rotolare	rotolaste
smattonare	smattonavate
bagnare	bagni
squilibrare	squilibri
preformare	preformammo
schifarsi	ti schifi
anastomizzarsi	si anastomizzava
liquidare	liquidasse
smobilitare	smobiliti
celiare	celiate
sbraitare	sbraitaste
salmeggiare	salmeggia
confessarsi	si confessi
scorciarsi	vi scorciaste
trotterellare	trotterellando
abbreviare	abbrevierebbe
aggranchiare	aggranchiereste
sbollentare	sbollenterebbero
imbandire	imbandiste
sbrindellare	sbrindelliate
sviscerare	sviscero
uccidere	uccidesti
bidonare	bidonavano
stralciare	stralciamo
prefazionare	prefazioneresti
difendere	difendi
riformattare	riformattato
potare	potiate
assoldare	assolderebbe
sperdere	sperse
ottriare	ottrieremo
dibattere	dibatteva
scarabocchiare	scarabocchiarono
pigiare	pigiante
radioattivare	radioattiverebbe
riabbellire	riabbellisco
antergare	antergai
stornare	storni
contingentare	contingenti
ingorgare	ingorghiamo
rampollare	rampollerò
fotocomporre	fotocompose
incartapecorirsi	si incartapecorisca
piallare	piallerebbero
impiparsene	te ne impiperai
svillaneggiarsi	si svillaneggerebbero
anagrammare	anagrammino
urgenzare	urgenzerà
somigliarsi	si somiglierebbero
smottare	smottato
clorurare	cloruriamo
basare	basava
scombaciare	scombacerebbero
solarizzare	solarizziate
dirozzare	dirozzeranno
piratare	piratai
crucciare	crucciamo
scaloppare	scaloppasti
trasdurre	trasduca
daziare	daziò
mestare	mestato
sbruffare	sbruffassero
radiografare	radiograferemmo
appropinquare	appropinquiamo
eclissare	eclissi
sillogizzare	sillogizzeremo
impossibilitare	impossibilitare
indursi	si inducano
videoscrivere	videoscriveste
autogestirsi	si autogestivano
maggesare	maggesato
rinascondere	rinasconderanno
centralizzare	centralizzo
monitorare	monitoreresti
affarsi	ci affaremo
maritare	mariti
impoppare	impoppi
chiedersi	chiedentesi
ridersi	ci ridemmo
autoaccusarsi	autoaccusatevi
indiziare	indiziassimo
attrupparsi	vi attruppiate
decaffeinizzare	decaffeinizzerei
tortoreggiare	tortoreggino
recensire	recensivamo
socchiudere	socchiuderebbe
affralire	affralirò
innescare	inneschiamo
andare	andai
sgelare	sgelino
ammotinare	ammotiniamo
ronzare	ronzino
registrarsi	si registrino
rilavorare	rilavorando
infoibare	infoiberò
infibulare	infibulo
flippare	flippi
inastare	inastassimo
corrugarsi	mi corrugassi
tuonare	tuona
zangolare	zangolavamo
elementarizzare	elementarizzi
espellere	espelliamo
impellicciare	impellicci
ricomprarsi	mi ricompri
ricantare	ricantò
graffire	graffirete
introdursi	mi introducevo
caricare	carichino
solfitare	solfiterei
breviare	brevi
ingrossarsi	ci ingrossammo
ammortizzare	ammortizzi
fessurarsi	mi fessurerò
avventurarsi	avventurantesi
lasciare	lasciavate
elettrificare	elettrificherà
sopravvalutarsi	si sopravvalutassero
tranquillizzare	tranquillizzerei
mobilitarsi	ti mobiliteresti
caratterizzarsi	caratterizzati
scarificare	scarificheremmo
usarsi	mi usai
sottovalutare	sottovalutavi
riedificare	riedificò
rinormalizzare	rinormalizziamo
rimodulare	rimodula
acciglionare	acciglionerebbero
blindare	blindaste
appartarsi	si apparterà
valere	valendo
sparare	sparereste
degustare	degustate
credere	credevo
abbellire	abbellisse
trascendere	trascenderanno
brulicare	brulicò
graffiare	graffiato
rivoltare	rivoltassi
arianizzare	arianizzeremo
trimestralizzare	trimestralizzavamo
confutare	confuteremmo
ricevere	riceveremmo
immunizzare	immunizzano
metastatizzare	metastatizzerai
dugliare	dugliò
notificarsi	si notifichi
asfissiarsi	mi asfissiai
ammassarsi	ti ammassavi
massacrare	massacrino
fendersi	ti fendessi
surriscaldarsi	mi surriscaldavo
acquietarsi	si acquietarono
fregiarsi	mi fregerò
platinare	platinassero
imbrogliarsi	ci imbrogliammo
smaniare	smaniassimo
dosare	doserebbe
ricostituire	ricostituivo
riordinare	riordiniate
smorbare	smorbereste
presentarsi	ci presenteremmo
riprodurre	riprodurrete
sovrintendere	sovrintendesse
squalificare	squalificassimo
otturare	otturare
raccorciarsi	mi raccorciai
accrescersi	ci accrescessimo
sculacciare	sculacciate
riabitare	riabitasti
infeltrirsi	mi infeltrirei
sbattere	sbatterò
affrancarsi	si affrancherebbe
riavvicinarsi	ci riavvicinassimo
preannunciare	preannunciate
adonestare	adonesterebbe
spigolare	spigola
coadiuvare	coadiuvino
stirarsi	mi stirassi
demergere	demergere
disintossicare	disintossicai
addivenire	addivenire
irruvidire	irruvidissero
scadenzare	scadenzasti
nuclearizzare	nuclearizzato
mischiarsi	si mischieranno
demitizzare	demitizzeresti
camuffare	camufferai
dibattersi	vi dibattete
reingaggiare	reingaggiante
ribere	ribeveste
parafare	parafi
crearsi	creiamoci
censire	censivamo
ripararsi	riparato
modificare	modifichino
riattaccare	riattacchi
infoscare	infoschi
esulcerare	esulcerate
sopravvalutare	sopravvaluteranno
confortare	conforti
cagarsi	vi cagherete
relazionarsi	si relazionava
limitare	limitiamo
ascoltarsi	mi ascolterò
inalberare	inalberaste
disseccarsi	si disseccò
vitaminizzare	vitaminizzassi
contraddistinguere	contraddistinsero
sbucciare	sbucciamo
appropriarsi	si appropri
installare	installassero
sospettare	sospettando
carambolare	carambolavi
velarizzare	velarizzavi
lesinare	lesinate
rassicurare	rassicurassi
fiondarsi	si fiondi
areare	arei
rifrangere	rifranga
segretare	segretaste
infrancesare	infranceserò
ossificare	ossificheremmo
necrosare	necrosano
impietrire	impietrisse
paralizzare	paralizziate
accambiare	accambi
essiccare	essiccheremo
connaturare	connaturai
tarpare	tarpava
addurre	adduci
azzittare	azzittaste
talebanizzare	talebanizza
cianfrugliare	cianfrugliò
tallonare	tallonassimo
sprintare	sprintavate
riporre	ripongono
riacutizzarsi	mi riacutizzerei
diroccare	diroccavi
assommare	assommassimo
sfiduciarsi	vi sfiduciate
scapitozzare	scapitozzai
notiziare	notiziava
ammollarsi	vi ammollavate
preparare	preparano
rinfrescarsi	rinfrescati
insuperbire	insuperbire
impratichire	impratichisca
disapprendere	disapprenderete
scomodare	scomodiate
abbigliare	abbiglierei
apostrofarsi	apostrofiamoci
raffrenare	raffreni
osteggiare	osteggiammo
ritornare	ritorni
arsicciare	arsicciate
construire	construirò
pellettizzare	pellettizzarono
emozionare	emozionerò
pellegrinare	pellegrinerà
slacciarsi	slacciarsi
pedinare	pedinasti
formalizzare	formalizzerete
meritarsela	ve la meritaste
inframmezzare	inframmezzavamo
scapocchiare	scapocchiereste
affiatare	affiataste
ritemprarsi	ti ritemprerai
maritare	maritammo
alimentarsi	ti alimentavi
mergere	mergemmo
intessersi	ci intessessimo
microfilmare	microfilmi
obbliare	obblierebbe
schiudere	schiudemmo
ridestarsi	si ridesterà
fulgere	fulgerai
sconcludere	sconclusero
caricaturare	caricaturare
insalivare	insaliverò
bonderizzare	bonderizzassi
assegnare	assegna
invigliacchirsi	invigliacchendosi
ricrocifiggere	ricrocifiggi
tassare	tasserà
controproporre	controproponessero
banalizzare	banalizzeremmo
deperire	deperivate
autoregolarsi	mi autoregolerò
gareggiare	gareggeranno
demoltiplicare	demoltiplicherebbero
palatalizzare	palatalizza
rizzare	rizzino
riprogettare	riprogetto
vangare	vangavamo
giulebbarsi	giulebbato
disqualificare	disqualifichiamo
preraffreddare	preraffreddiamo
anodizzare	anodizzi
sostituire	sostituì
ionizzare	ionizziate
scontornare	scontorniamo
spoetizzare	spoetizzavamo
arringare	arringavamo
schematizzare	schematizzai
riorientare	riorientiamo
riaggregarsi	mi riaggregavo
sopraedificare	sopraedificherebbe
accattivare	accattivò
ridare	ridarete
scrutare	scrutassi
indignarsi	si indignasse
abbarcare	abbarcassero
proiettare	proiettasti
naverare	naveriamo
remare	remerebbero
insilare	insili
adempire	adempissimo
ridividere	ridivideste
dedursi	ci deduciamo
granulare	granularono
scontorcere	scontorsi
cifrare	cifri
esondare	esondavamo
pedalare	pedalassimo
pubblicare	pubblichiamo
verniciare	vernicerebbe
comprendere	comprendiamo
belare	belereste
accapricciare	accapriccino
dannarsi	vi dannavate
diguazzare	diguazzerebbero
compatirsi	si compativano
tramutare	tramuti
abbriviare	abbriviavi
avariare	avariai
accudire	accudiscono
rallentare	rallenteremo
affilettare	affilettino
formulare	formuli
illeggiadrire	illeggiadrirebbero
mentirsi	ti mentisci
discostare	discosteranno
accatarrare	accatarraste
ricategorizzare	ricategorizzare
attrappire	attrappiste
incendiare	incendiando
assopirsi	assopitevi
sradicarsi	sradicantesi
depellere	depellevano
ricalibrare	ricalibrerebbe
scimmieggiare	scimmieggiavo
scarmigliare	scarmiglia
allettare	allettiamo
dissuggellare	dissuggelli
sciolinare	scioliniamo
elevare	eleveranno
imbrillantinare	imbrillantinavano
soppesare	soppesato
impermalirsi	impermalirsi
bucare	bucò
ridarsi	si ridarà
aocchiare	aocchiamo
ferrare	ferrano
postare	postante
ammollarsi	vi ammollate
monopolizzare	monopolizza
computerizzare	computerizzino
reimpostare	reimpostasse
chiaroscurare	chiaroscuraste
effigiare	effigia
appaiare	appaiamo
oppilare	oppili
disavvezzare	disavvezzino
rammollirsi	ti rammollisci
frammentare	frammentavi
avvelenarsi	si avvelenerà
alenare	alenerei
lobotomizzare	lobotomizzavano
scomodare	scomodato
traboccare	traboccheremmo
prosternarsi	si prosternasse
ripensare	ripenseremo
proferire	proferire
appestare	appestando
rimembrare	rimembrasse
querelare	querelavo
ratinare	ratineremmo
granulare	granulai
enunciare	enunci
radicaleggiare	radicaleggerai
polverizzarsi	si polverizzerebbe
reimpastare	reimpasterà
scorrazzare	scorrazzaste
slargarsi	ti slargherai
attutirsi	attutito
cinguettare	cinguettavamo
addrizzare	addrizzante
abbigliarsi	si abbigliarono
rifocillare	rifocillereste
soprammettere	soprammetti
pompare	pompai
sussistere	sussistesti
rimpinzare	rimpinzare
incentrarsi	vi incentraste
inabilitare	inabiliti
ammortizzare	ammortizzate
dollarizzare	dollarizzavamo
coniugarsi	coniugatevi
smozzicare	smozzicherai
imbozzimare	imbozzimammo
arpeggiare	arpeggi
latitare	latitavano
sbracciarsi	si sbracciasse
disaminare	disaminò
balenare	balenerebbero
impazzare	impazzi
aggrovigliarsi	vi aggrovigliate
esibire	esibisti
scandalizzarsi	ci scandalizzassimo
microfilmare	microfilmava
incanaglirsi	si incanaglirebbe
inventarsi	mi inventai
interrompere	interrompevi
trarompere	traromperesti
volvere	volveva
smobiliare	smobiliante
sviticchiare	sviticchiano
catabolizzare	catabolizzereste
ondeggiare	ondeggi
provare	provando
assopire	assopivamo
virilizzare	virilizzerà
incentrare	incentri
diligere	diligessimo
spazializzare	spazializzò
rinfiancare	rinfiancante
cedere	cedere
rimbarcare	rimbarcante
caratare	carati
servire	serviva
avvalorare	avvalorante
pronunziarsi	si pronunziarono
orezzare	orezzeremmo
formulare	formulassi
intarlare	intarlavi
controminare	controminante
insaporire	insaporiamo
discernere	discerne
disconoscere	disconosca
siglare	siglavano
spolpare	spolpasti
transigere	transatto
pizzicare	pizzico
svignare	svignaste
latinizzare	latinizzeremo
chiarire	chiariamo
acidificare	acidifichiamo
capacitare	capacitarono
inumare	inumiate
deglutire	deglutivamo
riassopire	riassopivamo
contattare	contattiamo
eccepire	eccepisse
ricristallizzarsi	ricristallizzandosi
beneficare	benefichiate
infornaciare	infornaciamo
fiottare	fiotteresti
massimizzare	massimizzate
addimorare	addimoreremmo
pulsare	pulserete
assidersi	si assise
ostacolare	ostacoleranno
infognarsi	si infogneranno
urgere	urgerei
svilire	svilisce
dipanarsi	si dipanava
usurare	usurando
performare	performo
benefare	benefaccio
anglicizzarsi	si anglicizzò
addogare	addogassi
anteporre	anteporrebbe
tirare	tireresti
comporsi	si componeva
risentire	risenti
modulare	modulante
igienizzare	igienizzano
uccidere	ucciderete
assomigliare	assomiglierà
reimmettere	reimmetteremmo
culminare	culmina
riesaminare	riesaminiamo
stabbiare	stabbiate
migliorare	miglioreremo
sciogliere	sciolsi
ischeletrire	ischeletrivo
autopubblicare	autopubblichiamo
circuire	circuissimo
ardere	ardevo
inasinire	inasiniranno
intarlarsi	ci intarleremo
avallare	avallante
mulinare	mulinano
memorare	memori
urgere	urgeste
riesercitarsi	mi riesercitassi
accasciare	accasciamo
attingersi	ti attingessi
francesizzare	francesizzino
durare	durerà
ambientare	ambientaste
rimondare	rimondiamo
riempire	riempirebbe
ricomperare	ricompererete
esorbitare	esorbitasse
salariare	salariato
impiallacciare	impiallacciassi
fremere	fremevamo
ricacciare	ricacci
contrarsi	si contrarrebbero
fregarsi	fregantesi
sbriciolarsi	si sbriciolassero
incastellare	incastellerei
maggesare	maggesando
intercorrere	intercorreste
nudrire	nudriscano
coesistere	coesistiamo
scadere	scado
sbrancarsi	ti sbranchi
sagomare	sagomeresti
beneficiare	beneficiavo
spedire	spedire
rimpiegare	rimpiegheremo
inclinare	inclinassimo
scioperare	scioperavano
ripiegarsi	ti ripiegherai
slamare	slamassi
radioattivare	radioattivino
forzarsi	ci forzavamo
scocciarsi	scocciato
sbaccellare	sbaccellate
ingiuriare	ingiurino
qualificarsi	mi qualifichi
lusingare	lusingavate
salvaguardare	salvaguarderebbero
istillare	istillerebbero
processare	processerete
riaddestrare	riaddestrerà
patinare	patinavo
girandolare	girandolarono
ibernare	ibernavi
metabolizzare	metabolizzerà
complimentarsi	complimentiamoci
vidimare	vidimiamo
mobilitare	mobiliterei
spararsi	sparandosi
riapparire	riappari
soprintendere	soprintenderemmo
razionare	razioniate
cauterizzare	cauterizzammo
ricostruire	ricostruiamo
succhiare	succhia
slombare	slombò
riabilitarsi	si riabilitano
trasformare	trasformante
compulsare	compulsino
variare	varierete
ossitonizzare	ossitonizzi
controbattere	controbatterò
inzaccherarsi	si inzacchererebbero
arieggiare	arieggerai
mascolinizzare	mascolinizzerà
appigliare	appigliare
comprovare	comproverebbero
sbarazzarsi	sbarazzatevi
propellere	propelleva
votarsi	vi votaste
entusiasmare	entusiasmò
resinificare	resinificassi
burrificare	burrificai
impicciarsi	si impicciava
rifinanziare	rifinanzierà
rodere	roderà
vendicare	vendichiamo
consolarsi	si consolino
materializzarsi	si materializzerebbero
progettare	progetteresti
amplificare	amplificheranno
gremirsi	vi gremivate
convivere	convivremmo
squilibrare	squilibrerà
rimarginarsi	vi rimarginate
susseguire	susseguiste
agire	agendo
proclamarsi	si proclamerebbero
mansuefare	mansuefaresti
discingere	discingerebbero
confondersi	mi confondo
riconsigliare	riconsigliare
reclamizzare	reclamizzavano
incoccare	incocchi
riottimizzare	riottimizzi
sorgere	sorgevamo
riconciliarsi	si riconcilierebbe
sciupacchiare	sciupacchiarono
sbottare	sbottai
ritrasporre	ritraspongano
accartocciarsi	accartocciati
proclamare	proclamano
imbestialire	imbestialirebbero
ramificarsi	mi ramifichi
attecchire	attecchirono
sopravvedere	sopravvedo
scannerizzare	scannerizzate
dolcificare	dolcifico
abbigliare	abbigliaste
perturbare	perturberai
tracciare	tracciate
lordare	lordassi
censurare	censurasse
calumare	calumaste
aviotrasportare	aviotrasportante
brattare	bratterai
manualizzare	manualizzi
rimischiare	rimischierai
rianimarsi	vi rianimerete
estrarre	estrarrete
sbrigare	sbrigherà
spaziare	spazierei
zampettare	zampetti
salvare	salviate
bipartire	bipartivo
scostarsi	si scostarono
raggranellare	raggranellai
rifondare	rifondava
smemorarsi	ci smemoreremmo
trattarsi	ti trattassi
attardarsi	ti attarderesti
cordonare	cordonerà
sottoutilizzare	sottoutilizzi
rispegnere	rispegneresti
maiolicare	maiolichino
ristringersi	ti ristringessi
allattare	allattate
centrare	centrerebbero
esasperarsi	si esasperavano
disattendere	disattendiamo
controreplicare	controreplicando
insonorizzare	insonorizzerai
prenotarsi	ci prenotiamo
irrancidire	irrancidirete
inalberarsi	inalberarsi
categorizzare	categorizzino
sgorgare	sgorgherei
confessarsi	si confesserebbe
svelenirsi	ti sveleniresti
allargarsi	mi allargassi
approfondire	approfondisce
traversare	traversassi
scorare	scorato
ingigantirsi	mi ingigantisco
parere	parresti
depauperare	depauperarono
russare	russino
rimondare	rimondino
gibollare	gibollerebbe
disorientarsi	ci disorientavamo
sedentarizzare	sedentarizzerai
annasare	annasassero
rapportarsi	si rapporterà
darsi	datti
annebbiare	annebbiavano
riassaporare	riassapori
gargarizzare	gargarizzeremo
moralizzare	moralizzassi
rinfiammarsi	vi rinfiammereste
accentare	accenti
articolarsi	si articolerà
elencare	elencheremo
arroventire	arroventisca
pettegolare	pettegolate
incasellare	incasellavi
sciacquarsi	si sciacquano
raccomodare	raccomoderemo
eiettare	eietterebbero
amplificare	amplificherò
accotonare	accotonai
flagellare	flagellerà
perseverare	perseverasti
dispiacersi	si dispiacessero
riportare	riportai
ammutare	ammutassi
disotterrare	disotterravano
ventilare	ventileresti
rinominare	rinomineremmo
chiarirsi	chiarito
denitrificare	denitrificate
decolonizzare	decolonizzassero
buttarsi	si buttò
avvicendarsi	avvicendato
sottofirmare	sottofirmerai
chiamarsi	chiamarsi
attecchire	attecchite
capottare	capottavate
ricomprare	ricomprato
scheggiare	scheggiamo
coniugare	coniugassi
riposizionarsi	ti riposizionerai
deliziarsi	ti deliziassi
abolire	abolisca
scalpicciare	scalpicciate
usolare	usoliamo
affaldare	affaldate
strutturarsi	mi strutturerei
studiacchiare	studiacchiavi
caducarsi	mi caducherei
verbalizzare	verbalizzasse
trasmettere	trasmetterai
spalleggiarsi	si spalleggiava
ringraziare	ringraziasti
spalcare	spalcano
americanizzarsi	americanizziamoci
salamoiare	salamoiate
carcare	carcasti
superarsi	vi supererete
mescere	mesci
ingelosirsi	ci ingelosiamo
gorgogliare	gorgogliammo
pitturare	pitturi
abbindolare	abbindolò
dezippare	dezippare
sguinzagliare	sguinzaglierai
decidersi	si decida
trapuntare	trapuntarono
filmare	filmerà
risolversi	risolviti
aborrire	aborriamo
impoppare	impopperesti
indispettire	indispettissi
biascicare	biascicheremo
opporre	opponeva
abbrumare	abbrumeremmo
discolpare	discolpino
richiudere	richiudente
preporre	preporresti
allibare	allibassi
impagliare	impagliamo
guardare	guarderete
svalutare	svalutarono
cokificare	cokificheremo
ammansare	ammanseranno
tepefare	tepefà
riconoscere	riconosciuto
mutuare	mutuai
inimicarsi	mi inimicai
inchinare	inchineranno
mascolinizzare	mascolinizzavi
infittirsi	ci infittiamo
indirigere	indiriga
rituffare	rituffò
schiccherare	schicchero
decurtare	decurtato
obnubilare	obnubila
rinterrogare	rinterroghino
bastionare	bastionate
desonorizzare	desonorizzeremo
unire	uniste
riaggregare	riaggreghino
grandeggiare	grandeggi
fumeggiare	fumeggiò
inoculare	inoculate
depotenziare	depotenziassimo
impostare	impostano
sintetizzare	sintetizzato
preaccennare	preaccennino
mobilitare	mobiliterebbero
spartire	spartiscono
zittire	zittissero
dirigersi	si dirigano
accontentarsi	accontentarsi
presiedere	presiedeva
disostruire	disostruirai
addolcire	addolciamo
blindare	blindavamo
sfittare	sfittò
riscendere	riscendereste
rinsaccare	rinsaccare
rincorporare	rincorporavate
iettare	ietti
sbloccare	sbloccherà
resettare	resetterà
mesticare	mestichiamo
salvaguardarsi	ti salvaguardi
vagliare	vaglieremmo
suturare	sutureresti
avverare	avveri
tarmare	tarmeranno
tracollare	tracollerai
provenire	provenisse
intimorire	intimorisci
scannellare	scannellando
defluire	defluiscano
sbiellare	sbielleranno
nascondersi	nascondersi
valcare	valchiate
dipingersi	ti dipingessi
concionare	concioneranno
rimemorarsi	mi rimemoro
riconfermare	riconfermeresti
imborghesire	imborghesissi
catramare	catramino
provvedersi	provvedersi
indignarsi	ti indignassi
slabbrare	slabbrano
cospirare	cospirava
satireggiare	satireggiassi
rispargere	rispargereste
profondere	profondono
acculturarsi	si acculturino
avventurare	avventuraste
consentire	consentireste
magnificare	magnificate
beneficiare	beneficiassimo
tributare	tributerei
ideologizzare	ideologizzavi
mutilare	mutilerò
complettere	completterà
vocalizzare	vocalizzi
esporre	esporrà
configgere	configgerò
esagitare	esagiterò
riammalarsi	si riammalino
faxare	faxammo
inscatolare	inscatolerai
sfratarsi	ci sfratiamo
superavvolgere	superavvolgevi
pascolare	pascolava
illeggiadrire	illeggiadriremo
sovrastare	sovrastavamo
vergolare	vergoliamo
acutizzarsi	ti acutizzi
additivare	additiviamo
succingere	succingerebbe
tasteggiare	tasteggerei
depositarsi	ti depositi
lattare	lattassi
abbruttire	abbruttiremo
foderare	foderavi
riacquistare	riacquistò
rinfiammarsi	mi rinfiammai
sgrondare	sgrondare
sbandarsi	si sbanderebbero
varare	vareremo
bisecare	bisecarono
ribenedire	ribenedica
rimostrare	rimostrassi
riassalire	riassalgo
ricolorare	ricolorerei
spampinare	spampinerai
marezzare	marezza
accaldarsi	ci accaldassimo
abrogare	abrogassi
aggirare	aggirino
compaginare	compagineremo
mischiare	mischierete
riscrivere	riscriverai
raffreddare	raffreddavi
ricolmare	ricolmerò
ripigliarsi	vi ripigliate
consolidare	consolidiate
moderarsi	si moderava
dosare	dosate
duplicarsi	si duplichino
indire	indisse
impallare	impallasti
ridersene	me ne ridessi
deificare	deificate
cedrare	cedrare
scalcinare	scalcinerai
stressare	stresseresti
accapigliarsi	ti accapiglierai
ammannire	ammannisce
quotare	quoterebbe
reinstallare	reinstallassi
ritirare	ritirando
scrollare	scrolleresti
diffidare	diffidai
stinguere	stinsi
riabbellire	riabbelliscano
possedere	possedevate
ridividere	ridiviso
ricorreggere	ricorregga
corrersi	mi corsi
succhiellare	succhiellaste
imbrattare	imbratti
dinoccolare	dinoccoleremo
stipendiare	stipendino
operare	operassero
stanziarsi	mi stanzio
accivettare	accivettò
scostolare	scostolino
scremare	scremava
quetare	quetavo
supplire	suppliscono
allumare	allumiamo
insorgere	insorga
bidonare	bidonai
fottersene	se ne fotterebbe
diguazzare	diguazzino
saltabeccare	saltabeccherei
tenzonare	tenzoniate
rivalorizzare	rivalorizziamo
prestare	prestassero
sfarinarsi	ti sfarinavi
autolimitarsi	mi autolimitassi
pargoleggiare	pargoleggiava
disvelare	disveleresti
intrappolare	intrappolerò
affuocare	affuocassi
strutturalizzare	strutturalizzasti
arriffare	arriffava
pressarsi	vi pressavate
taroccare	taroccava
vulcanizzare	vulcanizzerei
performare	performavo
approvare	approva
versificare	versificante
scrostarsi	ci scrostiamo
affievolire	affievolire
sopraspendere	sopraspendemmo
gripparsi	si grippasse
adonestare	adonesti
riaggregare	riaggregassi
ammostare	ammostino
stabilirsi	mi stabilirò
avvicendarsi	avvicendandosi
guardarsene	guardatevene
accoppiarsi	ci accoppieremmo
svirilizzare	svirilizzino
esplicare	esplicherò
comprarsi	ci compreremmo
appastare	appasti
strascinarsi	strascinato
sindacalizzarsi	sindacalizzati
interporre	interponevi
ravvolgersi	ci ravvolgeremmo
disappannare	disappannaste
allampanare	allampanare
assimilare	assimilerebbe
sdilinquire	sdilinquiremo
modellizzare	modellizzino
spastoiare	spastoi
filosofeggiare	filosofeggeremo
fruttare	fruttai
rieducare	rieducammo
ritardare	ritardino
rimotivare	rimotiveranno
sottrarsi	vi sottraevate
ripianificare	ripianificate
fonologizzare	fonologizzerei
scivolare	scivoleresti
gallare	gallino
scongelarsi	vi scongelate
appaltare	appalteremo
avvantaggiarsi	si avvantaggerebbe
zappare	zappavano
sfrecciare	sfrecciassi
scacazzare	scacazzerò
ramificare	ramificano
strofinarsi	ci strofiniamo
tormentarsi	si tormentassero
chattare	chatteresti
azzopparsi	ti azzoppasti
porgere	porgiamo
deprimersi	si deprimerà
ascoltarsi	ti ascolterai
contraffare	contraffacevano
ripescare	ripescaste
vociferare	vocifererebbe
ricambiarsi	vi ricambiereste
sbrilluccicare	sbrilluccicando
mediare	mediato
risolvere	risolvessimo
stampigliare	stampigliate
sbattezzarsi	si sbattezzò
istruire	istruireste
cambiare	cambiare
ripugnare	ripugnavi
sciorinare	sciorinava
sillabare	sillabassi
stravolere	stravolevate
spumare	spumammo
stogliere	stolsero
velinare	velinerò
svegliare	sveglierà
urinare	urinassi
anchilosarsi	ci anchilosavamo
raggruppare	raggruppaste
avversare	avversò
stravincere	stravinceresti
autoregolamentarsi	ci autoregolamenteremmo
svantaggiare	svantaggiavamo
zuccherare	zuccheravamo
siringare	siringasti
riardere	riarderete
viziare	vizia
firmare	firmassi
impastocchiare	impastocchiavate
ammendare	ammendiamo
ribaltare	ribaltiamo
rattristarsi	ti rattristeresti
declamare	declamiamo
ammutire	ammutirà
lucchettare	lucchetteremmo
impermalirsi	mi impermalisca
rimpiccolire	rimpiccolisci
correre	corriamo
sparacchiare	sparacchieremmo
raddrizzare	raddrizzino
terminare	terminavo
menare	menano
prostrarsi	prostrandosi
immolarsi	ci immolammo
rioffrire	rioffrì
lussare	lusso
strombare	stromberebbero
amalgamarsi	vi amalgamate
sghiacciare	sghiacciavate
tedeschizzare	tedeschizzeranno
desossidare	desossidiamo
vendemmiare	vendemmierete
risorgere	risorgessi
latitare	latitavate
sfasciarsi	mi sfasciassi
contorcersi	vi contorceste
ammortire	ammortivo
seghettare	seghettare
incipriarsi	si incipriò
sostentare	sostentammo
rigiudicare	rigiudicato
schivare	schivammo
sguinzagliare	sguinzagliate
sgominare	sgomini
dimensionare	dimensionavano
carbonizzarsi	si carbonizzarono
demanializzare	demanializzi
morirsi	ci moriremmo
predisporsi	si predisponeva
indurre	induca
fendersi	fendersi
declorare	declori
saziarsi	ti sazieresti
gramolare	gramolano
scombinare	scombinaste
virgolare	virgoleranno
spiccare	spicchi
antologizzare	antologizziamo
gelificare	gelifica
gradinare	gradinavi
condurre	conduca
sbozzolare	sbozzoli
sgobbare	sgobbato
rinfittire	rinfittivano
abbrunire	abbrunirete
condire	condisse
vivificare	vivificate
personificare	personificheremo
disconvenire	disconviene
effeminare	effeminerebbero
spettinarsi	si spettinino
rimescolare	rimescolerà
palettare	palettarono
preprogrammare	preprogrammerà
guizzare	guizzi
subire	subissero
innovarsi	ti innoveresti
sovrappopolare	sovrappopoliamo
compatibilizzare	compatibilizzeremmo
insordire	insordiate
oscurare	oscurai
sottrarre	sottrassi
assicurare	assicuriamo
equidistare	equidistino
ripiombare	ripiombassi
decentrare	decentrando
forzare	forzerebbero
mimare	mimando
incunearsi	ti incuneavi
estraniare	estrani
schiarire	schiariscano
labbreggiare	labbreggiassimo
abbiosciare	abbiosceremo
ammontare	ammontereste
toccarsi	si toccava
punire	punite
intrallazzare	intrallazzate
azzittare	azzitterete
trasvolare	trasvolavamo
riscuotere	riscuotono
garrotare	garrotiamo
ritornarsene	te ne ritorneresti
