prepuțial	prepuțialilor
cumplit	cumplitele
contagios	contagioșilor
carnivor	carnivorei
șubred	șubrezii
întreprinde	întreprinzi
mărgini	mărgineau
ursoaică	ursoaicele
întreține	a întreține
olimpic	olimpic
răsuci	să răsucești
măsura	măsoară
sculă	sculă
hârtie	niște hârtii
conteni	a conteni
împături	a împături
întâmpla	să întâmplați
delimitare	niște delimitări
cunoaște	cunoscuși
ierta	să iert
picta	pictarăm
păgânătate	păgânătatea
dispărea	dispar
ejacula	ejaculează
amfibiu	amfibiu
greu	greu
clocoti	să clocotească
viitor	viitorurilor
narcotiza	narcotizarăm
infix	infixele
desface	nu desfaceți
speria	sperie
urma	urmarăm
frunzos	frunzoși
юби	юбисешь
elibera	eliberam
mărita	măritasem
sorg	sorgul
înfierbânta	înfierbântați
scriere	niște scrieri
tinde	tinseserăți
mărinimos	mărinimoase
brândușă	brândușelor
eterogen	eterogena
închipui	să închipuiesc
înverzi	înverzește
deșira	deșiram
transforma	transformat
săptămânal	săptămânalul
muri	să murim
fâșioară	fâșioarelor
slăbi	slăbisem
îmbuca	îmbucași
deșira	deșirai
îngriji	îngrijiți
petici	peticit
lungi	lungiți
înveli	înveliseși
operație	operațiile
tuna	a tuna
bețivan	bețivanule
înfățișa	înfățișase
conveni	conveniserăți
milimetric	milimetricilor
așeza	așezaserăm
furnica	furnicaseră
înavuți	înavuțirăm
catran	catranurilor
dezvolta	dezvolți
întuneca	întunecau
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățiseși
plăcea	să plăceți
anatomie	anatomiile
izgoni	izgonește
împăra	împărezi
scânci	scânceam
descheia	descheiați
avorta	nu avortați
huligan	huliganilor
blând	blânde
îndobitoci	nu îndobitociți
înverșuna	a înverșuna
petrece	nu petrece
cununa	cununaserăm
trăgăna	trăgănă
misterios	misterios
dezice	să dezicem
înfuleca	înfulecași
amuți	amuțim
rezema	rezemau
sui	suiam
urî	să urăști
alcătui	să alcătuiesc
termina	terminați
somnambul	indefinite articulation
strânge	strânseși
batjocori	batjocoream
planta	plantați
adjectiv	niște adjective
pupa	pupând
screme	scremând
custa	custam
puță	niște puțe
pătlăgea	pătlăgelelor
drăgălaș	drăgălașelor
viezure	niște viezuri
brav	bravei
aeroplan	aeroplanelor
dușmăni	dușmănim
memoriza	memorizaserăți
simți	simțiră
înnoda	înnodai
irita	să irit
prescrie	prescriseși
împovăra	să împovăreze
parc	parcule
scurma	scurmai
pornire	unei porniri
cuminți	cuminții
clătina	clatină
licurici	licuricilor
relua	reluat
înfrunta	înfruntaserăm
gâdila	gâdilași
urma	urmând
împăna	să împănați
șoricel	unui șoricel
antagonic	antagonice
raționalizabil	raționalizabilul
fonetic	foneticilor
călăreț	călăreților
înceta	încetând
mag	magilor
lalea	niște lalele
ocupa	ocupi
scălda	scăldăm
amestecat	amestecate
dubios	dubios
cobai	cobailor
mărunt	măruntelor
răscoace	răscoapseserăm
împerechea	împerechind
crizantemă	crizantemelor
ataraxic	ataraxicele
mânea	mâneau
violetă	unei violete
păun	păunilor
refeca	refecarăm
dezvoltat	dezvoltaților
închega	încheagă
binar	binarei
zărgan	unui zărgan
suveran	suveranilor
cârnat	unui cârnat
dubla	dublând
augura	să augurezi
visa	visau
suspina	suspinați
da la labă	dădu la labă
vărsa	vărsași
astronom	astronomilor
exotic	exoticul
anglican	anglican
ține	țin
distinge	distinseră
vinde	să vinzi
porunci	porunciseră
persevera	perseverarăm
voame	să vom
exista	nu existați
afină	afinelor
încânta	încânta
îngâna	a îngâna
ședea	ședeți
săruta	nu sărutați
repauza	repauzați
frământa	frământarăți
topi	topim
olimpic	olimpicele
implica	să implic
vedea	văzuserăm
împături	să împăturesc
neașteptat	neașteptatului
trăda	trădă
scărpina	scărpinasem
arete	unui arete
încorpora	încorporase
garaj	garajelor
coopera	cooperaserăți
traductor	traductorule
brăzda	brăzați
arăta	arătam
omogen	omogenul
fostă	fostelor
parazită	parazită
șir	unui șir
geam	geamurilor
îmbuca	îmbuca
imposibilitate	imposibilitățile
înșeua	înșeuați
suci	suciserăm
pieptăna	pieptănă
șterge	șterserăți
desprinde	desprindeai
striga	să strigăm
aduce	să aduci
muced	muceda
ars	arsul
aleatoriu	aleatoriului
prezice	preziceai
urbanizare	urbanizările
ascunde	ascund
timid	timizii
pleca	plecasem
vulpoaică	vulpoaicelor
face	făceau
toca	a toca
descinge	descinge
pomet	pometurilor
răbda	răbda
legăna	să legene
înfuleca	înfulecă
persevera	perseverează
curătură	curăturilor
înfoia	înfoiarăți
coti	cotești
teme	temeau
fărâma	fărâmați
tranzițional	tranziționalului
răsfira	răsfirarăm
tăios	tăioșilor
vizibil	vizibilele
maltez	maltezi
părăsi	părăsim
orb	indefinite articulation
teoric	teorică
întemeia	să întemeiez
datora	datorați
distinge	distingând
slugări	slugărind
îngălbeni	îngălbeneați
liniști	să liniștești
tăbăci	tăbăceau
zbiera	să zbiere
cotropi	cotropea
zbici	zbiceam
întreține	întreținuse
face sex	făcuseși sex
cerceta	cercetați
recupera	recuperam
gudura	gudura
calendar	calendarelor
apăsa	apăsai
ferestrui	să ferestruiască
impune	impusese
prăda	prădaserăm
citi	citesc
disponibil	disponibil
tinctura	nu tinctura
școală	școală
nădăjdui	nu nădăjduiți
întinde	întinseserăți
cânta	nu cânta
coase	cusu
însoți	însoțiseși
scorni	să scorniți
închipui	închipuiseși
geamăt	gemetele
grătar	grătarelor
aplica	aplicară
terminație	terminațiilor
ac	acule
vânătă	unei vinete
coase	să coasem
răsuna	răsunai
sfinți	sfințiși
diminua	diminuaserăm
general	niște generali
lărgi	să lărgești
violet	violetul
lin	linul
susține	să susțină
roade	rosesem
codificat	codificaților
înfăptui	înfăptuise
esență	unei esențe
loga	logarăm
rescrie	rescriem
implica	implică
supraviețui	să supraviețuiască
înveli	învelim
arăduce	arăduce
supăra	supără
pluti	pluteau
dospi	dospiră
îmbrăca	a îmbrăca
înfuleca	să înfulece
împrăștia	să împrăștii
mijloci	mijlocește
obliga	obligară
caimac	unui caimac
creștin	creștinelor
adverbial	adverbial
închis	închise
excita	excitaserăți
uniformitate	uniformitatea
scutura	scutură
mărunt	mărunt
stânjeni	stânjeneai
lipi	lipi
turba	turbaserăm
ierta	nu ierta
însoți	însoțesc
lebădă	niște lebede
colaborator	colaboratoarele
preveni	prevenisem
stâng	stângi
recunoaște	recunoscând
june	junilor
da la muie	nu da la muie
blasfemie	blasfemiilor
dovleac	dovlecilor
petrece	petrecui
rescrie	rescriind
canadian	definite articulation
însoți	însoțește
sumete	să sumet
împroprietări	nu împroprietări
grăbi	grăbește
trăda	trădară
conifer	unui conifer
străvechi	străvechi
invita	invită
învins	învinsă
instant	instantului
despica	despica
consta	constătuserăți
analogic	analogicilor
amăgi	amăgiți
flămând	flămândelor
răzbuna	răzbunând
înghiți	înghițeau
gândi	să gândim
integral	integrala
caviar	caviarule
ademeni	ademenirăți
macagiu	unui macagiu
rugi	rugim
anal	anala
suveran	suverane
făgădui	făgăduiați
liniști	nu liniști
sfârși	să sfârșești
lubrifia	lubrifiași
statuetă	unei statuete
acioaie	acioaie
spune	nu spuneți
înjunghia	înjunghiați
grație	grațiile
făptui	făptuim
dezvăța	dezvățași
pilota	a pilota
leoaică	unei leoaice
zbiera	zbieraserăți
reciprocitate	reciprocitate
cheie	cheile
apune	apuseseră
excela	excelași
masturba	masturbași
însărcina	a însărcina
dezavantaja	nu dezavantajați
accelerație	accelerație
prânzi	prânzesc
castel	castelele
exagera	exageram
zgâria	zgâriaserăm
conteni	conteniserăți
bea	bând
rânză	rânzelor
transcrie	transcrieți
pășuna	pășunaseră
îngropa	îngropase
apărea	apari
răscula	să răsculăm
parazitologie	parazitologiilor
luminos	luminoase
whisky	whisky-urile
jalnic	jalnic
ruina	ruinând
dezgust	dezgustule
ciufut	ciufute
urî	urâseră
perfect	perfecte
soporifer	soporifer
vrăji	vrăjeam
mijloci	mijlociseși
monocrom	monocromele
pretențios	pretențiosului
pretențios	pretențiosul
frontieră	frontierele
curge	curseseră
oficial	oficialelor
comun	comun
rabat	niște rabaturi
astronomie	astronomia
despica	să despice
soma	somarăți
scălda	scald
goli	goleați
împrejmui	împrejmuirăm
ascunde	ascunsesem
deretica	dereticați
pupa	să pupe
îngâmfa	să îngâmfăm
caimac	caimacule
păpa	păpară
tăbăci	tăbăceam
cutremura	cutremurau
încorona	încoronează
mărunți	să mărunțim
sta	să stea
scărpina	a scărpina
înfierbânta	nu înfierbânta
tăcea	tăceți
butoi	unui butoi
frământa	a frământa
delicios	delicios
neașteptat	neașteptat
buciuma	buciumaserăți
aprins	aprinsa
abandona	să abandonăm
porni	pornești
contraveni	nu contraveni
activa	activase
prepoziție	prepozițiilor
dispărea	să dispăreți
cronic	cronici
albanez	albaneză
împrejura	împrejurară
desfășa	desfășarăți
guvernamental	guvernamentali
biochimic	biochimici
urî	urăsc
aluminifer	aluminiferului
conteni	contenii
sfătui	sfătuiai
cumpli	cumplise
sorbi	nu sorbiți
purpuriu	purpuriul
răsări	răsărirăm
chițăi	chițăirăm
angaja	să angajeze
eternitate	niște eternități
întrema	să întremez
instabilitate	instabilitatea
treaptă	treptelor
durere	durerilor
glumi	glumește
uimi	uimiseră
gusta	a gusta
șes	șeasă
băși	bese
biochimic	biochimic
afurisi	afurisit
măreț	mărețe
mânea	să mână
incomplet	incomplet
cășuna	cășunați
duios	duioase
ceașcă	ceașcă
materialist	materialiștilor
alăpta	alăptaseși
suspensor	suspensori
îmbulzi	îmbulzește
cotidian	cotidienei
tenta	nu tentați
larg	largi
moașă	niște moașe
suprem	supremei
pofticios	pofticioase
creștinesc	creștinești
rezista	rezistai
memorie	memoriilor
răcni	răcneam
suprem	supreme
azvârli	azvârleau
măcel	măcelurile
mătura	măturând
deranja	să deranjezi
bou	boilor
ciocan	ciocanule
imprima	imprimarăm
speti	spetesc
dependent	dependentei
norocos	norocosului
îmbogăți	să îmbogățim
prețui	prețuiește
cuprins	cuprinșilor
dezlipi	dezlipi
pisa	să pisăm
înțepa	să înțep
cărăbuș	niște cărăbuși
flecar	flecarului
iscăli	iscălise
mașină	mașinilor
crăpa	crăpat
rosti	rosteai
lătra	lătră
libidinos	libidinoase
închina	închini
tanc	unui tanc
strălucitor	strălucitorului
scăpa	scapă
simplifica	simplificai
futangiu	niște futangii
arde	arserăți
bardou	unui bardou
legăna	legănași
trage	trageai
sticlă	sticlelor
intim	intimele
frâna	frânând
tuna	tunați
castaniu	castaniului
înjunghia	înjunghiați
interzice	interziseseși
italiancă	italiencele
venera	venerai
teoric	teorica
râvni	să râvniți
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostesc
gorun	gorunii
crăpa	crăpaserăți
împroprietări	împroprietărit
multipolar	multipolari
drege	să dregă
iernatic	definite articulation
reînnoi	reînnoiră
decide	decideai
onoare	onorurile
contraveni	să contravină
urdina	să urdin
atotștiutor	atotștiutori
abacă	abacelor
afurisi	afuriseați
aduce	adu
zăcământ	zăcămintele
holba	holbezi
îmbia	îmbiam
coreean	coreeanul
aceră	acerele
cina	cinezi
certa	certând
gustare	gustărilor
mâzgăli	mâzgălesc
aține	aținând
îngheța	să înghețe
sista	sistă
palincă	palincilor
epuiza	epuizezi
limpezi	să limpeziți
homosexualitate	homosexualitate
împăca	împăcaseră
desfășa	să desfășați
înlocui	înlocuirăm
interveni	să intervenim
originalitate	originalitate
sfătui	sfătuiți
bara	să barăm
alăpta	alăptai
vântura	a vântura
amurg	amurgurilor
furnica	furnicat
brăzda	brăzam
oglindi	oglindiserăm
sigur	sigurul
tramvai	tramvaielor
masiv	masivilor
scurt	scurtului
amurg	amurgule
învolbura	învolbur
adorabil	adorabilii
sfat	sfaturile
slăvi	slăvirăți
cioară	unei ciori
convingător	convingător
rinocer	rinocerule
paralitic	paraliticului
rugini	ruginește
păgân	păgânule
înrădăcina	înrădăcinară
hazliu	hazlii
adânci	adâncim
însenina	însenină
obține	obțineam
homofobic	homofobici
întrebuința	întrebuințând
uni	unirăm
expedia	nu expedia
înfrunzi	înfrunzesc
chin	unui chin
autobuz	autobuzelor
aciua	aciuat
spera	să spere
răposa	răposează
pofti	poftea
ațâța	ațâță
tată	taților
înlătura	să înlăturați
omorî	omorați
piure	piureurilor
împleti	împleti
găsi	găsiseră
culege	culegeați
lipici	lipiciurilor
amaneta	să amanetezi
face	să faceți
reține	să rețin
zăcea	zăceam
jigni	jignise
grăbi	să grăbești
mașină	unei mașini
augura	augurați
insulta	insultat
sluji	slujiseși
spinos	spinoase
aține	ații
trăi	trăiserăm
zdrobi	zdrobiți
scrisoare	unei scrisori
însuflețire	niște însuflețiri
unguresc	unguresc
întâmpina	întâmpinarăți
masturba	masturbați
cădea	cădeau
corci	să corcească
dezgheța	dezghețaserăm
dizolva	a dizolva
dezrobi	dezrobeam
strănuta	să strănutăm
umbla	umblați
serba	să serbez
pica	pica
brutal	brutalelor
scăpăra	scăpărarăm
sinistru	sinistru
tei	teii
delict	niște delicte
anula	anulezi
locui	locuiește
acvatic	acvatică
baschet	unui baschet
orientare sexuală	niște orientări sexuale
usca	usca
curma	să curm
proba	probai
materialist	indefinite articulation
visa	visăm
săra	sărăm
logodi	logodind
frământa	să frămânți
înfășura	înfășurau
dulap	dulapurile
vizualiza	să vizualizeze
lalea	lalelelor
arogant	arogante
răbda	rabzi
înrudi	să înrudim
aspirină	unei aspirine
halucina	halucină
inunda	inundă
descompune	descompuneți
atlantic	atlantice
orizont	orizonturilor
plajă	plajele
trăsni	trăsnește
extrage	extraseră
zăcământ	zăcămintelor
simți	simții
pilota	să pilotăm
urzi	urzise
adeveri	să adeveresc
plivi	nu plivi
vântura	vânturați
înfierbânta	să înfierbânte
atinge	atinserăți
înierba	înierbarăți
custa	custau
prim	primilor
împroprietări	împroprietărea
păsăresc	păsăreștilor
negustor	negustorule
cerne	cernuseși
țeapăn	țepene
hotar	unui hotar
speti	nu spetiți
pădure	niște păduri
mânia	mâniasem
înconjura	să înconjurăm
descoperi	să descoperi
pictură	picturilor
destrăbăla	a destrăbăla
adăpa	adăpai
ațâța	ațâțai
transforma	transformai
lăcrima	lăcrimaseși
andorran	andorrana
legal	legali
indisponibil	indisponibilii
însori	însoreau
răgușit	răgușit
specific	specifică
adorabil	adorabili
da la labă	dăduse la labă
refuza	refuzai
continuu	continue
coti	cotirăți
pumnal	pumnalule
anina	aninaserăm
induce	să inducă
copia	copiem
încânta	a încânta
arșiță	arșițelor
forja	forjați
despica	despicară
eterogen	eterogenei
expedia	expedia
ghida	ghidat
țap	țapilor
înfige	înfigeți
întina	întinați
spulbera	nu spulbera
șchiopăta	șchiopătasem
secera	secerăm
influența	influențară
apetisant	apetisantului
înverșuna	înverșunăm
azalee	azaleelor
luci	lucind
lichid	lichid
echidnă	echidnă
burtos	burtoaselor
stradă	stradă
scărpina	nu scărpinați
încrede	încredeți
descuia	descuiarăm
înnopta	înnoptai
deschide	deschiseserăți
încărunți	a încărunți
uda	udă
lăcrimos	lăcrimoasa
lua în seamă	lua în seamă
depăra	depărarăți
neguța	neguțăm
dezvolta	dezvoltai
sexy	sexy
irita	irit
împunge	împunsese
injecta	să injectați
singur	singurii
amărî	amărâserăți
îndura	îndurarăți
lingvistic	lingvistici
îndobitoci	nu îndobitoci
tranzitiv	tranzitivi
influența	să influențez
limpezi	limpezirăm
necomutabil	necomutabilul
meriza	meriză
fertil	fertilul
stricat	stricata
sandviș	sandvișurilor
aduce	să aduceți
lua	să ia
crede	crede
bulevard	unui bulevard
răsfira	răsfirăm
aluneca	alunecă
cântări	cântărește
izbi	izbește
închega	închegați
îmbătat	îmbătaților
declina	să decline
înrădăcina	înrădăcinați
orgasm	orgasmele
seduce	să seduc
ruga	rog
îmbuca	să îmbuci
chilot	chiloților
nudism	nudismului
împodobi	împodobiși
zbârci	zbârcește
descoperi	descoperise
daltă	niște dălți
dăpăra	dăpărau
râde	râdeți
agrișă	unei agrișe
căsători	să căsătoresc
înnoi	să înnoim
împunge	împunge
bășica	bășicat
socoti	socotiserăți
bijuterie	niște bijuterii
supăra	supăraserăți
amuți	amuțisem
băși	să bășiți
sfâșia	sfâșiai
servi	servirăm
rămâne	rămaserăm
luci	luciși
distruge	distrusese
căpățânos	căpățânos
dospi	nu dospi
critic	criticul
bănui	a bănui
simboliza	simbolizează
îndesa	îndeși
mic	mici
scăpa	scăpam
urbanizare	niște urbanizări
risipi	să risipiți
prun	prunilor
supraveghea	supraveghea
documenta	documentați
spin	spinilor
ceramică	ceramicele
buchet	buchetelor
deprimat	deprimați
îmbărbăta	să îmbărbătăm
rotire	rotire
stingheri	să stingherești
aplica	aplic
deretica	dereticași
invizibil	invizibilul
cumpăta	cumpătează
omenie	omenie
șantajistă	șantajistelor
înfuria	înfuriam
atac	atacule
nebuni	nebunea
preveni	preveniseră
dobândi	dobândeam
dirigui	diriguiți
apărea	apăreți
burtos	burtosului
bulgăresc	bulgărești
șușui	șușuii
învălura	învălura
străvechi	străvechi
dansa	să dansăm
îndrăzni	nu îndrăzniți
dezbina	dezbinați
agest	agesturile
mediocru	mediocrele
înlesni	înlesnești
brândușă	brândușă
creștinesc	creștineștii
jindui	jinduind
zdrobi	zdrobit
renova	să renovezi
frunză	frunză
scufunda	scufundaserăți
obscur	obscure
morfologie	morfologiei
nebuni	să nebuniți
slovac	definite articulation
rupt	ruptei
angaja	angajați
întreg	niște întregi
anima	animați
capitula	capitulai
civiliza	civiiza
canicular	canicularilor
vitreg	vitregele
îngâna	îngână
aminti	amintesc
pișa	pișaseră
gâdila	să gâdilăm
scânteia	scânteiați
întinge	întinseseși
actor	actorule
mulțime	mulțime
nimeri	nimerirăm
buluci	a buluci
cinge	nu cingeți
rupe	a rupe
prânzi	nu prânziți
zgâi	zgâiau
masculin	masculini
introduce	să introducă
boci	boci
mincinos	mincinoasei
mamut	niște mamuți
răsuci	răsuciserăți
trezi	nu treziți
săgeată	niște săgeți
scurge	scurserăți
văduvi	văduvim
congela	să congelez
curma	să curme
mirandeză	mirandeze
robi	robii
abdica	abdică
descurca	descurcaserăți
deplasa	să deplasați
uman	definite articulation
vântos	vântos
întoarce	întorsesem
mește	mescusem
real	real
tărăgăna	tărăgănai
încerca	încercați
căpriță	căprițelor
aprig	aprigi
îndepărta	îndepărtează
umili	umilirăm
reflectat	reflectat
amfibian	amfibianule
uimitor	uimitoarei
iluzie	iluziile
dăuna	să dăunați
rețea	unei rețele
dezuni	să dezunești
coase	să coasă
explica	să explic
naiv	naivei
instant	instanților
sparge	sparseseși
halva	halvalelor
înzestra	înzestrau
murmura	murmurați
face labă	a face labă
întrerupe	nu întrerupeți
abager	abagerule
închega	închegaseși
lăbărțat	lăbărțată
scorni	scornești
munci	muncisem
flaur	flaurelor
zburda	zburdam
așteptare	așteptărilor
plăti	plătește
fericit	fericite
dimineață	unei dimineți
liniști	liniștim
traduce	traduceai
planetar	planetarelor
zbura	nu zburați
examen	examenelor
mâță	mâțele
misterios	misterios
lingvistic	lingvistice
gâmba	să gâmbăm
rotunjit	rotunjitului
pupa	pupau
avion	avioanelor
circumscrie	circumscriați
desfășura	desfășură
britanic	britanic
umbla	umblați
prelungi	nu prelungi
zice	zi
fijian	fijiene
satisface	satisfăcea
aminti	să amintiți
simplu	simplă
neregal	neregalele
valah	valahi
trombon	tromboanelor
spăla	spăl
sufleca	suflecă
valsa	valsat
risca	riscăm
avantaj	avantajele
uni	a uni
ierta	a ierta
venezuelean	venezuelenele
argilos	argiloase
naște	născuseși
spera	să sperăm
deștept	deștept
purcede	să purced
păcătui	să păcătuiască
tâmplar	tâmplarii
obține	obțineam
cumpăni	să cumpănim
prăbuși	prăbușeau
lungi	lungeam
suflet	sufletule
slăvi	slăvind
telefon	telefoanelor
rezista	rezistă
buză	buzelor
mura	murat
exterior	exterior
aluneca	să alunecați
imprecație	imprecațiile
porc	unui porc
aiura	nu aiurați
chema	chemați
lipici	unui lipici
locuință	locuințelor
abandona	abandonaseră
spumega	spumegați
stană	stană
descălța	descalți
înnegura	înnegurează
înjosi	să înjosească
fapt	faptelor
turti	turtiserăți
supremație	supremație
franțuzesc	franțuzească
tremura	tremurat
seduce	seduseserăți
împlini	împliniserăți
neguros	neguroase
otrăvi	otrăveați
unge	nu unge
prezent	prezenții
descoperi	descopereai
spovedi	să spovediți
frige	frigeți
picătură	picăturile
nenorocit	un nenorocit
socoti	socotesc
puternic	puternicii
subscrie	subscrieți
blestema	nu blestemați
depune	depunem
vătăma	vătămați
ipocrită	ipocrito
farfurie	niște farfurii
veșteji	veștejiră
canar	niște canari
zăpăci	zăpăcesc
muzical	muzicalul
singur	singure
răgușeală	răgușelilor
friguros	friguroaselor
propune	propuneați
fierbinte	fierbinții
săritură	săriturilor
cocoloși	cocoloșești
degera	degeraseră
pieptăna	pieptănară
lătra	lătrau
coti	să cotească
cărare	niște cărări
doină	doină
delimitare	delimitărilor
rebeliune	rebeliune
gândi	gândești
împodobi	să împodobească
deszice	desziceam
înfățișa	înfățișarăți
sfulgera	sfulgerasem
pășuna	să pășunez
libera	liberarăți
irita	nu irita
înțepa	înțepai
paritate	paritate
drege	dregeai
desfira	nu desfira
instant	instantul
răzleți	să răzlețesc
îndesa	nu îndesați
indiscret	indiscretului
curge	cursesem
împovăra	să împovărăm
centru	centrelor
paritate	niște parități
ceacâr	ceacâra
închipui	închipuiserăți
adânci	adânciră
vorbi	vorbi
chelner	chelnerule
ofensator	ofensatoare
îmbuiba	să îmbuibe
urcat	urcați
amiază	amiezile
studia	studiază
sarcastic	sarcasticilor
simți	simți
undui	unduiesc
anarhist	anarhiștilor
dezvolta	dezvoltă
îmbăta	nu îmbătați
insurmontabil	insurmontabililor
puți	să puțim
vorbi	vorbii
prelungi	prelungeam
nostalgic	nostalgice
îmboldi	îmboldisem
reduce	reduserăți
cresta	să crestați
epuiza	epuizează
cădea	căzuserăm
împrăștia	împrăștie
pântecos	pântecos
pupa	pupaserăți
zburda	zburdă
adăpa	să adapi
ajuna	ajună
face sex	facem sex
implica	implicai
instabilitate	instabilității
polar	polara
cumineca	cuminecași
înfumura	înfumurarăți
dezlipi	să dezlipești
relua	reluați
momi	momiseră
screme	scremusem
vapor	unui vapor
cuc	unui cuc
cuceri	cucerirăm
furtun	furtunule
zbârli	să zbârlim
rinocer	rinocerilor
ascuți	să ascuți
urs	urșilor
contraveni	contravenirăm
gravat	gravate
secret	secrete
înflori	înflorirăm
buric	buricule
țăcăni	țăcăneați
bufon	unui bufon
acoperi	acopeream
mărunți	nu mărunțiți
gaza	gaza
perineal	perinealei
vădi	vădeam
sud-african	niște sud-africani
cunoaștere	cunoașterilor
sfânt	definite articulation
lichiditate	lichidității
călător	călătorilor
gravita	gravitat
coace	coapseși
pașcă	unei păști
dejuga	să dejug
legal	legal
cârtiță	unei cârtițe
cutreiera	cutreierau
drăguț	drăguți
inimos	inimoși
suspensor	suspensoare
dezmăța	dezmață
interesa	interesase
piersica	piersicaseră
distinge	distingeam
lega	legarăți
portocal	portocalilor
fute	să futeți
socotit	socotitele
prăbuși	prăbușesc
sonet	sonetelor
îndura	îndurați
delăsa	delăsați
reteza	retezam
lin	line
leton	letone
mulge	mulgem
german	germană
fript	fript
dezmăța	dezmățaserăți
încet	încet
sferic	sfericului
număra	numărați
mânăstire	unei mânăstiri
botezat	botezatului
comunitate	comunitățile
excava	excavai
înclina	înclină
vârtos	vârtoși
bunăvoință	bunăvoință
turba	turbase
ajuna	ajun
pleca	pleca
tăia	tăiam
răzbuna	răzbunai
prăpădi	prăpădii
bianual	bianualii
purica	purică
cântări	cântări
nerecunoscut	nerecunoscutele
vesel	vesele
prinde	prinseserăm
fusar	fusarilor
înnoi	înnoiți
sufletesc	sufletești
dinamic	dinamici
înnoda	a înnoda
intim	intimul
întoarce	nu întoarce
păpa	păpam
decide	decid
mânca	mănâncă
priveghea	priveghezi
domina	dominăm
gusta	să guști
stoarce	storceam
rosti	să rostească
apă	apelor
scărpina	scărpinam
lovi	loviserăți
dori	să dorească
saliniza	salinizam
ofili	să ofiliți
deprinde	deprindeați
intra	intrat
imputa	imputat
baza	bazați
jindui	să jinduiască
răspunde	răspundeați
zări	zăreați
mira	mirați
fum	fumule
păgânism	păgânism
stadion	niște stadioane
preoți	să preoțească
ciocni	ciocnirăți
dori	dorea
rezistibil	rezistibilului
toarce	toarce
viteaz	viteazului
heterosexual	un heterosexual
economic	economic
durere	unei dureri
cazan	cazanelor
greși	să greșească
veni	venea
capitalist	capitalistei
proba	probă
bucura	bucurau
înfia	înfiați
divorța	divorțarăm
refeca	refecaseră
păros	păroși
mustra	mustră
însușire	însușirile
pătimi	pătimești
jura	jură
vizita	vizitaserăți
răzleți	răzlețim
persoană	persoană
ejaculație	unei ejaculații
țigănesc	țigănescului
britanic	britanic
asemăna	să asemănați
balustradă	balustradă
îmbuna	îmbunați
bârlog	niște bârloguri
chițcăi	chițcăiși
transpira	transpirasem
confrunta	confruntasem
baza	nu baza
excela	excelarăm
înfuria	nu înfuria
îndrăgosti	să îndrăgostesc
amarilis	amarilișilor
înnoda	înnodam
pronume	unui pronume
adicție	adicțiilor
înfricoșa	înfricoșăm
încăleca	să încălecăm
plimba	plimbați
curge	nu curgeți
apăsa	apăsând
scăpăra	scăpărași
spirit	unui spirit
câine de apă	unui câine de apă
râde	să râdă
încânta	încântai
deceda	decedarăți
jura	jurai
intenționa	intenționează
imagina	imaginaseși
politizare	niște politizări
atârna	să atârnăm
pupa	pupă
înfunda	înfundarăm
olivă	niște olive
așeza	așezați
oripila	oripilează
burtos	burtoșilor
șalău	niște șalăi
fain	faine
picătură	picătură
întreține	întrețineți
scădea	scădeai
flămânzi	a flămânzi
construi	construim
îndupleca	să înduplece
prăji	să prăjim
cazuar	cazuarilor
vânzătoare	niște vânzătoare
adăsta	adăstaseră
estima	estimam
nebuni	nebunisem
căpețea	căpețea
îngropa	îngroapă
ospăta	ospătând
mânăstire	mânăstirile
spaniol	indefinite articulation
ciufut	ciufutei
trăi	nu trăi
omenos	omenoasă
bănui	bănuise
edificiu	edificiilor
mumă	mumele
ejacula	să ejaculeze
căpresc	căpreștile
fugi	nu fugi
crucifica	crucificam
râvni	râvnirăți
slăvi	slăveam
face sex	făcuși sex
ficat	ficaților
râde	râdeau
înfumura	înfumuram
sfârși	sfârșise
îngusta	să îngustați
testicular	testiculară
tăios	tăioasa
sufla	suflarăm
ținti	țintiserăți
obosi	să obosească
împiedica	împiedicaserăți
regicid	un regicid
sexual	sexuala
usca	uscarăți
despica	să despice
socotit	socotiților
purica	purică
combina	combinat
risipi	risipeam
dezbina	dezbin
german	germana
comporta	comportaserăm
naștere	nașterilor
porumbac	unor porumbaci
avalanșă	niște avalanșe
înghesui	să înghesuim
supranațional	supranațională
înjunghia	înjunghiarăm
cânta	cântam
ieruncă	niște ierunci
catalan	un catalan
porni	porni
anonim	anonimule
mângâia	a mângâia
borî	borârăți
adverbial	adverbialul
tâmpi	nu tâmpiți
franțuzesc	franțuzesc
dublu	dublilor
hotar	hotarele
eterogen	eterogene
nerecunoscut	nerecunoscute
psihostimulant	unui psihostimulant
veni	veneați
excita	excit
încăpere	niște încăperi
prezice	prezisei
întinde	a întinde
chițăi	chițăiși
anghilă	unei anghile
lichid	lichidele
ejacula	ejaculați
sur	sure
breb	niște brebi
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostea
mișuna	să mișune
rostogoli	rostogoliserăm
săruta	sărutasem
putrezi	putrezind
sloven	definite articulation
întrebuința	întrebuință
monogamie	monogamiile
găozar	găozarule
scabie	scabia
ciudat	ciudatele
smulge	smulg
sos	sosurilor
înghesui	înghesuiai
purcel	unui purcel
vinde	vindeați
crud	cruda
sufleca	suflecăm
diurn	diurnelor
păstra	păstram
discreție	discreție
blond	blonzi
ciocni	ciocnesc
tare	tarelui
anarhistă	anarhistă
voios	voios
trăncăni	trăncăniți
întrema	întremezi
lepăda	lepădați
poală	niște poale
gros	groasele
proiect	proiectelor
suspina	să suspine
vânzătoare	vânzătoarelor
consta	constătură
danez	danezul
imperialism	imperialism
îngropa	să îngroape
conține	a conține
lăți	a lăți
mușuroi	mușuroaielor
formație	niște formații
dezavantaja	să dezavantajați
frumusețe	frumusețe
torero	torero
învenina	înveninau
alianță	alianțelor
estonian	estonienilor
buiestru	buiestrele
bour	bourilor
generație	niște generații
suci	suciseși
ucide	uciseră
distra	să distrez
cinsti	cinstind
slăbi	slăbise
cepar	ceparilor
freca	freci
răsări	răsar
încurca	încurcam
produce	produs
servi	servise
încetini	încetește
înfrăți	înfrățiră
veni	veneam
bondar	bondarilor
răspândi	răspândesc
încărca	încărcaseși
caracatiță	caracatițelor
jura	jurat
îndopa	nu îndopați
anteră	anterelor
clarifica	clarificați
convinge	convinseră
verb	verbelor
curăța	curățând
augura	a augura
buciuma	buciumai
îndepărta	îndepărtați
răgușeală	răgușelilor
sfâșia	să sfâșiem
nasol	nasol
înclina	înclinași
scăpăra	să scapere
isteț	istețelor
răcori	răcorise
traversa	traversez
colonialism	colonialismului
turturea	niște turturele
întreba	să întrebe
adăsta	adăstați
sări	sărea
fute	futeam
ajun	ajunurilor
dori	doream
rezema	rezemai
lindic	unui lindic
modifica	modificarăți
chema	chemăm
încorona	să încoronezi
da muie	dăduse muie
ras	ras
urla	urlă
uimi	uimiseși
mira	miraseși
cerere	cerere
deșidera	deșideram
lungi	lungesc
orbi	orbiși
koala	koalaul
ridica	ridicaserăți
glob	globurilor
încerca	încercai
împleti	împletise
electromagnetic	electromagnetica
puțin	puține
dezmetici	să dezmeticească
întrerupe	întrerupt
contrazice	să contrazică
străbate	străbateți
fain	faine
treacăt	treacăt
trăncăni	trăncănea
petici	peticiseși
limpede	limpezii
înăbuși	înăbușii
picior	picioarelor
fereca	ferecau
indisponibil	indisponibili
tivi	tivesc
gavial	gavialule
sfârtica	sfârticai
cenușă	unei cenuși
vutcă	vutcă
necongelat	necongelate
putință	putințelor
urca	urcă
nivela	nivelezi
coperi	coperim
omnipotent	omnipotentei
rachetă	rachetele
înzestra	înzestrează
modifica	modificam
șerbi	șerbirăți
decădea	să decazi
utiliza	să utilizeze
amar	amarului
șansă	niște șanse
anterior	anterior
neutru	neutri
brazilian	brazilienilor
prăși	prășeam
bulbuca	bulbucă
dubla	dublarăți
murdar	murdarele
pumn	unui pumn
răgușit	răgușiți
dărâma	nu dărâma
cugeta	cugetă
vânjos	vânjos
îndeletnici	să îndeletnicească
închipui	închipuiserăm
borțos	borțoasă
vânjos	vânjoasele
geam	unui geam
împunge	împungea
viață	vieților
azvârli	azvârle
adăpostit	adăpostitele
bășica	bășicând
târgui	târguiați
mira	să mire
homofobic	homofobici
inutil	inutilului
vopsi	să vopsească
rula	rulase
naște	născuseră
italian	italienilor
prăși	prășirăm
bleg	blegilor
descărca	descarci
юби	юбинд
юби	юбиць
tulbura	să tulburați
tufiș	tufișurilor
necăji	necăji
închipui	închipuiați
flecar	flecarilor
rezolva	să rezolvi
forja	să forjați
pederastie	pederastia
înfrăți	înfrății
spumega	spumegau
răsări	nu răsări
îndopa	îndopam
loga	logasem
comporta	să comporți
răspunde	răspunseră
decide	decide
bardou	bardoilor
analog	analog
pilota	nu pilotați
prost	prostul
înrâuri	să înrâurească
despăduchea	despăduchease
ciudat	ciudatul
căuta	căutași
fumega	fumegași
irațional	iraționalul
ilegal	ilegali
umfla	să umfli
capitalist	capitaliste
îmbrățișa	îmbrățișarăți
amorți	amorțind
boci	bociși
acuza	acuzat
alăpta	alăptași
împrejura	să împrejur
boare	boare
circumcizie	circumcizie
căpos	căpoși
împinge	împinseși
încuraja	încurajaseră
trăgăna	trăgănați
ataca	ataci
contraveni	să contravii
mistifica	nu mistifica
cloci	clociră
spânzura	spânzură
enigmatic	enigmatică
alina	alinarăm
mește	să mească
serba	serba
tipări	tipăriți
înverșuna	înverșunați
umbla	să umbli
fruct	fructule
trompetă	trompetelor
vopsi	vopsisem
socializa	socializaserăm
vulg	vulgul
încărca	încărcat
părăsit	părăsitul
căpăta	căpătau
mâzgăli	mâzgălești
îmbrăca	îmbrăcă
goli	să goliți
căsători	căsătoriserăți
crede	crezi
tăgădui	tăgăduit
vârtej	unui vârtej
chițăi	să chițăie
dona	să donezi
obișnui	obișnuim
satiră	satirele
decădea	decădeam
descrie	descriam
îngeresc	îngeresc
vaccina	vaccinăm
sufoca	nu sufocați
coreean	coreeanule
porunci	porunciră
asimila	a asimila
înmormânta	înmormântai
văduv	văduvilor
cufunda	cufundam
foame	foame
mătura	măturam
ara	arai
trage	traseră
proporțional	proporționalii
invincibilitate	invincibilitate
slab	slabului
răcori	răcoriserăți
avorta	avortam
pavăză	niște paveze
amenința	amenințarăm
înverzi	înverzisem
sufoca	sufocaseși
întrebuința	să întrebuințăm
îmbrăca	să îmbrăcați
mânia	să mâniați
ajuna	a ajuna
nisip	nisipurilor
custa	să custe
cășuna	cășunat
gravita	gravitând
otrăvi	otrăvește
lăți	lățiră
screme	a screme
construi	construirăți
mistifica	să mistifici
biochimic	biochimicii
răgușit	răgușita
vântos	vântoși
drag	drage
sănătos	sănătoase
tinctura	să tincturăm
apos	apoase
comporta	comportau
veșteji	veștejește
furtună	furtunilor
mustra	mustraseră
ghida	ghidează
înfierbânta	să înfierbânți
ascuți	să ascuțiți
lua	luați
clarifica	să clarificați
mistifica	mistificați
presupune	presupun
prăji	prăjeați
ocupa	ocupat
brun	brun
naiv	naivului
omogen	omogenele
specialitate	specialităților
atrage	atrag
stăpâni	stăpâniseși
semna	semnați
tărăgăna	tărăgănăm
baltic	baltice
văr	verilor
părăsi	părăsește
numi	numi
maltrata	maltratarăți
culca	culcaserăm
onora	onorat
simetric	simetricului
lipit	lipitele
licări	licăriră
bucă	bucilor
înjura	nu înjura
imputa	imputaserăți
învălura	nu învălura
rânced	râncede
angaja	nu angaja
benzinărie	benzinărie
turba	să turb
localitate	localităților
dulgher	dulgherilor
canelură	canelurilor
pătrunde	pătrunzând
trăncăni	trăncănii
vopsi	vopsim
socoti	socotii
tânăr	tânărul
hrăni	hrănesc
secol	unui secol
vânăt	vinetele
fierbincior	fierbincioara
ferici	să fericească
reciclat	reciclatele
murmura	a murmura
aer	aerelor
ciuguli	ciuguleau
cășuna	cășunează
împături	împăturiserăți
spuzi	a spuzi
biologic	biologicului
satura	saturat
înfuria	înfurie
bucura	să bucuri
tulbura	tulburași
învechi	învechești
pingeli	pingeleam
face labă	făcuse labă
esență	esențele
cărnos	cărnoase
accelera	acceleram
destinat	destinatului
concentrat	concentrați
venezuelean	venezuelean
amorți	amorțeam
stindard	niște stindarde
risipi	risipeați
obliga	obligă
urbaniza	urbanizau
adăsta	adăstaseși
gâmba	gâmbați
răsfăța	răsfățai
mânea	mânea
transcrie	transcriam
perinda	perindez
neglija	neglijează
albanez	albanezei
scump	scump
stima	stimăm
nebuni	să nebunești
ieși	ies
apăra	apărasem
elimina	elimini
mâzgăli	să mâzgăliți
deschide	deschideți
plumburiu	plumburii
ataca	atacam
slăvi	să slăvească
tranzitiv	tranzitivă
despărți	despărțeați
înfățișa	înfățișează
rugi	rugiserăți
morcov	morcovilor
filantropic	filantropic
bestial	bestiale
venit	veniturilor
pătură	păturile
must	unui must
întări	întăreați
înnegura	înneguraseși
cunoscut	cunoscutelor
ghici	nu ghiciți
vânzătoare	vânzătoare
pofti	poftise
compara	nu comparați
prețui	prețuiesc
plumburiu	plumburiilor
șoim	șoimule
înfăina	să înfăineze
veșnic	veșnicei
haitian	haitienilor
alege	alesei
măreț	măreții
ținti	țintești
dezlega	dezleagă
amfibiu	amfibii
trăncăni	trăncănind
pofti	poftește
abacă	abacă
păgân	păgânul
pod	podurile
înfige	înfigeați
elevă	niște eleve
deplasa	deplasai
dezvolta	dezvoltă
omniprezent	omniprezenta
lansa	lansi
strugur	unui strugur
anterior	anteriorii
scurma	scurmă
răsări	răsăriserăm
ieftini	ieftinisem
coti	cotesc
insista	insistați
întreține	nu întreține
băga	băgau
înfierbânta	să înfierbântăm
bestialitate	bestialități
piersica	să piersic
scorni	scorniți
auri	auream
estima	să estimeze
frige	să frigă
ocupa	ocupaserăm
însemnătate	însemnătății
robi	robește
lăsa	lasă
îmbrăca	îmbrăcaseră
meriza	merizaseși
desface	desfăcurăți
cuminți	cumințește
zgâria	zgâriarăți
despărți	nu despărțiți
întâlni	nu întâlniți
înțeles	unor înțelesuri
aștepta	așteptai
descălța	descălțat
ara	ară
deveni	devenise
pupăză	pupezelor
spovedi	spovediși
autor	autorilor
fluiera	să fluiere
urcat	urcații
bârfi	bârfim
degera	degeram
comunica	comunicasem
merge	să mergi
întinge	înting
lupta	luptând
limpezi	limpezim
îndulci	să îndulcești
consta	a consta
bont	bontul
dragoste	unei dragoste
binecuvânta	binecuvântau
anihila	anihilară
intim	intime
migrenă	unei migrene
desfira	să desfirăm
ferestrui	ferestruiați
suspina	să suspinăm
desfira	desfiram
necăji	să necăjească
striga	strigați
oboi	oboaielor
dezice	deziceați
destinat	destinatele
tivi	tivit
arăduce	arădusesem
cumpăni	cumpăniseră
mărturisi	să mărturisiți
alunga	alungaseși
topi	topise
bufniță	bufniță
răsufla	răsuflă
înmormânta	înmormântat
ușier	unui ușier
începe	începem
săptămânal	niște săptămânale
spuză	spuzele
împlini	împlineam
goli	goli
ușuratic	ușuratice
digital	digitale
moșteni	moșteneam
rugini	ruginirăți
cumpăni	cumpăniși
coti	cotiserăți
copleși	copleșind
oftica	să oftic
pieri	pieriră
necuviincios	necuviincioșii
întreține	întreținem
înlătura	înlăturați
tridimensional	tridimensionalii
înfometa	înfometați
chițcăi	chițcăisem
băși	beși
primire	primirilor
structural	structural
jupui	jupuiam
îmbuiba	îmbuibă
pătlagină	niște pătlagini
transatlantic	transatlanticului
codificat	codificatei
așterne	așternui
îmbuna	îmbunez
crucifica	crucificând
amaneta	amanetași
încercui	încercuim
retrage	retraseserăți
îmbărbăta	îmbărbătaserăți
maro	indefinite articulation
cerceta	cercetați
cinsti	cinstisem
căpresc	căprească
străpunge	străpungeam
surpriză	surprizele
acoperiș	niște acoperișuri
conține	nu conține
studia	studiaserăți
mâță	mâță
calculator	calculatoarelor
călca	nu călca
experimentat	experimentat
programabil	programabilă
nelucrat	nelucrate
sac	sacule
adânci	adânci
persan	persanul
circumcide	să circumcidă
amuza	să amuzați
rade	răsei
capsula	să capsuleze
presupune	presupuseră
sacoșă	niște sacoșe
împunge	împunseserăți
gâdila	gâdilau
întina	întinaserăți
săgeta	săgetez
sătura	săturasem
onest	onest
baza	să bazeze
scărpina	nu scărpina
inbus	inbusurilor
puternic	puternicului
prun	prunii
întuneca	să întuneci
scurta	să scurtați
scărmăna	scărmănaseră
vrăji	vrăjiși
încura	încuraseră
in	inurilor
borțos	borțoși
repauza	repauzai
absorbi	absorbim
crede	cred
origine	origine
înnegri	nu înnegri
datora	datoram
hârciog	niște hârciogi
strica	stricaserăți
bărbăție	unei bărbății
biofizician	biofizicienii
zbate	zbăteau
jura	jurase
cărnos	cărnoase
îmbogăți	îmbogățeam
împiedica	împiedica
enorm	enormă
oftica	oftică
încheietură	încheieturile
civiliza	civiizează
spovedi	spovediserăm
înverzi	înverzeam
ocroti	ocrotește
trânti	trântesc
cere	nu cere
aplica	aplici
face labă	faceți labă
astâmpăra	astâmpărați
nechibzuit	nechibzuiți
tulbura	să tulburăm
îmbuiba	să îmbuibe
ciopli	cioplind
însărcina	însărcinat
rezista	să rezistăm
înălțare	înălțărilor
pasa	pasarăți
umple	umpluseși
spânzura	spânzurasem
manechin	manechinelor
lamură	lamurile
omenesc	omenesc
pășuna	pășunaserăți
ferestruit	ferestruită
încărca	încărcăm
pasteuriza	pasteurizam
cutreiera	cutreierat
mărgini	să mărginească
circumcide	circumcisese
sui	nu suiți
binecuvânta	să binecuvântez
picta	pictau
treiera	treieră
necunoscut	necunoscuţi
scurge	nu scurge
substanță	unei substanțe
harpist	harpiștilor
puternic	puternice
asemăna	aseamănă
osos	osoșilor
întrerupe	întrerupsese
inseparabil	inseparabile
cutremura	cutremurară
poltronerie	poltroneriilor
prefera	să prefere
flux	fluxule
judeca	judecaserăți
înverzi	înverziră
lepăda	lepădaseră
celebrare	celebrărilor
strânge	strânseserăm
dezmetici	dezmeticește
deplasa	deplasați
spurca	spurcați
răstigni	răstigniserăm
balcanic	balcanic
supune	supuneai
învălura	învălură
decret	decretelor
frâna	frânaseși
ceapă	cepelor
normalitate	normalitatea
ospăta	ospătează
răsări	răsăriseși
introduce	introduceați
inar	inarii
rând	unui rând
urbaniza	urbanizaserăți
lascivitate	lascivității
izolat	izolații
linguriță	niște lingurițe
geme	gemurăm
alăpta	alăptează
vâna	să vânăm
încurca	încurcăm
senin	senine
fi	fusesem
căuta	căută
orbi	orbiseră
repauza	a repauza
zbate	zbătuse
îngusta	îngustăm
nudist	definite articulation
aromânesc	aromânescul
purica	să purici
îndesa	să îndese
părea	părut
afla	aflară
meriza	merizase
intui	intuiește
sfătui	sfătuiră
tehnologie	tehnologiilor
căsători	căsătorea
mâzgăli	mâzgălisem
dulap	dulapule
circumscrie	nu circumscrie
futabil	futabilii
ataraxic	ataraxicul
sufleca	suflecat
trăncăni	trăncănesc
voame	vomeam
îneca	înecași
fumega	fumegară
șalău	șalăule
goli	goliți
circumcide	circumciserăm
slovac	slovacilor
părăsit	părăsite
pluti	pluteam
tare	tarii
umple	să umple
masturba	masturbăm
păzi	păzirăm
sinceritate	niște sincerități
freca	frecat
simboliza	simbolizaserăți
petrece	petrece
îmbuca	îmbucaserăți
antropologie	antropologii
elizeu	niște elizee
strâmba	strâmbați
argintiu	argintii
rățoi	rățoii
tivi	să tivească
încălța	încălța
învește	învăscut
părăsit	părăsitei
pregeta	pregetaserăm
desprinde	desprinserăți
băut	băută
țăcăni	țăcăniserăm
chilot	niște chiloți
aromânesc	aromânească
schizofrenie	unei schizofrenii
strungă	strungele
împuți	împuțea
surpa	surpai
înșira	înșiră
suveran	suverană
culca	să culcăm
minți	mințeau
gândi	gândiră
legendar	legendară
depune	să depui
digital	digitali
împărți	împărțiserăm
răzleți	răzlețiseși
boboc	unui boboc
însufleți	însuflețeați
frâna	frânară
fiert	fiertului
falus	unui falus
persevera	nu perseverați
îndulci	îndulceam
perturbator	perturbatoare
dezamăgi	dezamăgeam
întuneca	întunecați
părăsi	părăseați
oripila	oripilau
relua	reluarăți
logodi	să logodesc
răsturna	răsturna
cunoscut	cunoscut
înveliș	învelișurilor
nelucrat	nelucrata
dansa	dansa
răcori	răcorește
copia	nu copiați
părea	păreați
tăcea	tace
pulpană	pulpanelor
bucuros	bucuroase
boxer	unui boxer
împrumuta	împrumută
îngrămădi	să îngrămădească
alunga	alungară
weltanschauung	weltanschauungule
lovi	loviseră
șuiera	șuier
afunda	afundam
alt	altele
alunga	alungam
pornografic	pornografic
silvă	unei silve
înscrie	înscriseseră
țigăni	țigănit
distila	nu distilați
șușui	șușuiam
spulbera	spulberaserăți
tată	niște tați
frământa	frământau
implica	să implici
insidios	insidiosul
bont	boantele
coborât	coborâtelor
soporific	soporificul
mândri	mândriți
suc	sucurilor
anticorp	unui anticorp
înjosi	înjosiți
merita	să meritați
funcționa	funcționași
dubios	dubioșilor
vrăjitor	vrăjitorule
măsura	măsurași
prăbuși	prăbușiră
juca	nu juca
lutră	lutră
înzestra	înzestrați
descrie	descriu
mângâia	mângâiem
descrie	descrisesem
înmărmuri	înmărmuriși
homofob	homofobii
îmbrățișa	îmbrățișați
arde	ars
lua	să ia
umiditate	umidității
propune	propuneam
undui	unduiați
păcăli	să păcălești
distra	distram
imperial	imperială
ucide	nu ucide
sugaci	sugacilor
benzinărie	benzinăriilor
dejuga	dejugaseși
ciocan	unui ciocan
brăzda	să brăzăm
demn	demni
presupune	presupune
cameleon	cameleonilor
coborî	coborâsem
înlocui	înlocuii
risca	riscase
aluneca	alunecați
înverșuna	înverșunași
anima	animarăm
stejar	stejarilor
face labă	nu faceți labă
obosi	obosesc
asimila	să asimilați
împăduri	împădurim
cumpăta	cumpătați
umeraș	niște umerașe
pulpos	pulpoasele
trompetă	unei trompete
bălăi	bălăiam
dăuna	să dăunez
buluci	buluciseși
lipitoare	lipitorilor
înlocui	înlocuisem
bărbătos	bărbătos
îmblânzi	îmblânzeau
copac	niște copaci
destrăma	nu destramați
flutura	fluturam
cafeniu	cafeniu
franțuz	niște franțuji
lăți	să lățească
conifer	coniferule
activist	unui activist
distinge	distinsese
elebor	niște elebori
abandonabil	abandonabile
histologic	histologicilor
ezita	ezitai
încălța	încălțam
deism	deism
sfinți	sfințind
făget	făgetule
străvedea	străvăzuși
înnegri	înnegriră
fumega	fumegați
sughița	sughițară
religios	religioși
cotropi	cotropiră
rezista	rezistaserăm
curat	curatei
guverna	să guvernezi
roti	roti
trezire	trezirile
servi	serviră
înnora	nu înnora
argilos	argiloasei
senin	senin
înfășa	înfășați
copleși	a copleși
înfunda	înfundarăți
abandona	abandonează
tiz	tizilor
canicular	canicular
exotic	exotica
estima	să estimeze
repezi	repeziserăți
poponar	poponarii
tânăr	indefinite articulation
acvatic	acvatice
sorbi	sorbeam
mâneca	mânecaserăți
împături	împăturești
gudura	să gudurăm
ezita	să ezit
dramatic	dramaticele
ofta	să oftați
pregeta	pregeți
plicticos	plicticoșilor
vărsa	vărsat
izbi	izbii
plat	plaților
încorona	încoronam
indisponibil	indisponibilă
șerb	șerbule
tinde	tinseseră
locui	locuiserăm
violet	violeților
dovedi	dovediseră
îndepărta	să îndepărteze
viguros	viguroasei
asurzi	asurzind
priveghea	privegheași
învolbura	învolburam
sfătui	nu sfătui
părea	părând
bont	boante
trage	trageam
simetric	simetrică
pisa	pisai
îngropa	nu îngropați
strâmta	strâmtarăți
grecesc	grecești
vorbi	a vorbi
mișuna	mișunau
oftica	ofticați
pastor	unui pastor
chilot	unui chilot
femeiesc	femeieștii
afâna	să afânez
câștiga	să câștigi
portar	portarule
stuf	stufurilor
contrazice	contraziceam
sfeșnic	sfeșnicelor
sări	sar
năsut	năsută
întrezări	să întrezărească
conduce	să conduc
potrivi	potrivești
coastă	coastele
alina	să alini
fricos	fricoșilor
dăpăra	nu dăpăra
exotic	exotic
vădi	vădiserăți
răni	să rănești
păducel	păduceii
înflori	înfloriți
arăta	arătăm
plânge	plângea
excava	excavaseși
întreba	întrebarăți
smulge	smulgem
asemăna	asemănarăți
dezmăța	nu dezmățați
șerbi	să șerbim
forța	forțau
descălța	descălțasem
amar	amarele
ciuguli	nu ciuguliți
băși	bășea
porc	porcilor
dovedi	dovedește
omenesc	omeneștilor
răstigni	răstignește
sinistru	sinistrelor
îngâmfa	îngâmfase
menține	menține
ajunge la majorat	a ajunge la majorat
țăcăni	țăcănind
proteja	protejaseră
glumi	să glumească
ciungă	ciungă
brotac	niște brotaci
dori	dorit
deprinde	deprinzi
înmulți	înmulțesc
huligan	unui huligan
plat	plații
ușuratic	ușuratic
lână	lânurilor
acoperit	acoperită
băși	bășiți
lămâie	lămâilor
codaș	codașilor
treiera	să treier
dinamic	dinamicii
împroprietări	să împroprietăresc
pașaport	pașapoartelor
răsfira	răsfiraseși
agresiv	agresivilor
leneș	niște leneși
mâneca	mâneci
persevera	perseverasem
negustor	negustorilor
apune	să apun
spumega	spumegară
însuflețire	însuflețirilor
coborât	coborâtului
zer	zerurile
documenta	documentă
tunde	tundeați
fricos	fricosului
scânteia	scânteiezi
onora	să onoreze
leopard	niște leoparzi
vizita	să viziteze
zgomotos	zgomotosul
jupui	jupoaie
descompune	descompusei
lămuri	să lămuresc
mârced	mârcezi
umple	umplură
pocni	pocnind
trompetă	trompetele
mustra	mustrând
risipi	risipisem
scoace	să scoacem
risipi	risipiți
argintiu	argintiile
somnoros	somnoroasei
încorpora	încorporaserăți
masturba	să masturbați
ieftini	nu ieftiniți
omorî	omor
gravita	gravitaserăm
pricepe	pricepe
futere	futerilor
ispiti	ispitește
veninos	veninoase
căpățânos	căpățânoși
muștar	muștarurile
curma	curmam
național	naționale
viteaz	vitezei
săgeată	săgețile
disponibil	disponibilei
jandarm	jandarmilor
sulfuros	sulfuroasei
dialectal	dialectali
netezi	netezeam
activistă	activistele
întrezări	întrezărim
bianual	bianuala
canoni	canonesc
interferență	interferențelor
aciua	aciuau
trece	trecuseși
luptă	luptelor
opărit	opărit
geme	gemi
deranja	deranjai
gândi	a gândi
judecător	judecătorilor
unguresc	ungurești
frumusețe	niște frumuseți
abagiu	abagiilor
răguși	a răguși
anihila	anihilez
scrie	scria
căpățânos	căpățânosul
roti	să rotim
dubla	dublai
încălzi	încălzesc
câine	unui câine
supăra	supărarăm
nisip	nisipurile
politizare	politizare
ananas	niște ananași
an	unui an
plin	plina
aminti	amintii
oră	unei ore
purta	să poarte
afurisi	afurisesc
profund	profunzi
impune	să impuneți
înfrăți	să înfrățesc
afunda	afundam
petrece	petreceați
lipi	lipeam
poartă	porților
cetaceum	cetaceumul
decădea	decad
înnopta	să înnoptăm
ridica	ridicași
voios	voioșii
botanic	botanica
femeie	femeie
obișnui	să obișnuim
încorona	încoronăm
întrevedea	întrevedeam
preveni	prevenind
scrie	să scrie
cutremura	a cutremura
gladiolă	gladiolelor
lungi	lungiși
leșina	leșinai
supraveghea	supravegheau
macedoneancă	unei macedonence
crește	creșteți
coase	cususeși
sparge	sparg
înjosi	înjosi
speria	speriau
veșted	veșteda
relua	reia
brumăriu	brumăriilor
înfășura	înfășuraseși
rotunjit	rotunjitul
încurca	să încurc
plânge	să plângem
cunoaște	cunoașteți
dezmânta	dezmântați
asurzi	asurzesc
sătul	sătui
însoți	însoți
deșela	deșelarăm
bărbieri	bărbierea
biochimic	biochimici
observa	observă
înceta	încetaserăm
rotire	niște rotiri
săptămînă	săptămînilor
satisface	satisfac
speria	speriam
deprimat	deprimatul
gălbui	gălbui
irlandez	niște irlandezi
răsfoi	răsfoiserăți
avantaj	unui avantaj
librar	librarule
conveni	să conveniți
enigmatic	enigmaticelor
roză	rozelor
supăra	supărași
soare	unui soare
epuiza	epuizam
omniprezent	omniprezentului
gură	gurile
furnica	furnicați
cornee	niște cornee
descărca	descărcaseră
bunică	bunicilor
pietate	pietatea
săcret	săcrete
puritate	puritățile
reține	rețineai
intim	intimelor
tenta	tentași
sânger	sângerii
persevera	a persevera
vedea	văzuși
sicriu	sicriele
naște	să nasc
terminare	unei terminări
îmbulzi	îmbulziți
îmbuna	să îmbuneze
necuviincios	necuviincioase
îndepărta	îndepărtarăm
imprima	imprim
dărăci	dărăceați
delăsa	delăsase
echilibra	echilibraseră
colorat	colorați
nisipos	nisipoasei
undui	unduiși
macabru	macabrele
saluta	salutarăm
dărâma	dărâmarăți
slăbi	să slăbiți
mustra	mustraseși
spulbera	spulberând
pașaport	unui pașaport
întinde	întindeți
ruina	ruinezi
scrie	să scrieți
surprinde	nu surprindeți
zbate	zbătut
deșidera	deșiderai
asemăna	asemănaserăți
picoliță	picoliță
încălzi	încălzește
persevera	să perseverez
completa	completaseră
slăbire	slăbire
circumcide	circumciseși
oniric	oniricilor
înăbuși	să înăbușească
veghea	vegheaseră
urla	să urlu
bulevard	bulevardelor
distruge	să distrug
traversa	să traversăm
reînnoi	reînnoise
îngrijora	îngrijorai
enolog	enologule
urmări	urmărise
dormi	dormi
realitate	realitate
farmacist	farmaciștilor
făcător	făcători
bardou	niște bardoi
dansa	nu dansați
fi	să fim
treacăt	treacătule
atent	atentă
scânci	scânciseră
lapte	lapte
acoperi	acoperise
stoarce	storseserăm
cenușă	cenușilor
veșnic	veșnicii
încărca	încărcasem
sfecli	sfeclește
bunicuț	unui bunicuț
scuipa	scuipaseră
bont	bont
speria	speriam
returna	returnează
încălța	încalță
recupera	recupera
închina	închinarăm
moldovenesc	moldovenesc
endoscop	endoscoapelor
echinocțiu	niște echinocții
frupt	frupturilor
ponegri	să ponegriți
lori	loriule
serios	serios
însera	înserarăți
geme	gem
buciuma	buciumă
ameți	amețiseși
meriza	meriza
far	farurile
croi	croiai
emoțional	emoționali
piedestal	piedestalurilor
năsos	năsoși
felină	unei feline
mărita	mărită
excita	să excitați
meriza	merizași
scăpăta	să scăpătăm
înjunghia	înjunghiat
programabil	programabilelor
pieptăna	a pieptăna
orienta	orientați
specialitate	niște specialități
coti	cotit
amâna	amânaserăți
purica	puricam
simboliza	simbolizez
terț	terțului
rugă	rugilor
vizualiza	să vizualizeze
scurta	scurtez
înfuria	să înfurii
ied	iezilor
prăsi	să prăsesc
telefon	telefoanele
gavial	niște gaviali
înverșuna	înverșunez
descrie	descriserăm
părăsi	părăsește
căsca	căscai
monocrom	monocrom
complex	complecși
unidirecțional	unidirecționalele
kaki	kaki
muta	mutasem
dramatic	dramatic
dezgropa	dezgropau
nălucă	nălucă
mândri	mândream
nearticulat	nearticulati
curvă	curvelor
înțepa	înțep
strâmba	strâmbă
dezmăța	dezmățasem
subția	subțiam
răscula	răsculați
umanitate	umanitate
virgulă	virgulelor
sculptură	niște sculpturi
sefard	sefarde
îmbuna	să îmbunați
înspăimânta	înspăimântai
căsători	căsătorim
face labă	să facă labă
deșela	deșelam
atârna	atârnai
dumica	dumicași
fereca	ferecat
umbrelă	niște umbrele
transatlantic	transatlanticei
aprins	aprinselor
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățeai
răcori	nu răcori
învecina	învecină
șchiopa	să șchiopezi
dejuga	dejugase
evreiesc	evreiescului
vărsa	vărsarăm
răzbuna	răzbunați
planta	să planteze
izbi	să izbiți
oftica	să ofticăm
halucina	halucinam
jura	juraserăm
îngrășa	îngrășai
umple	umplu
sugruma	sugrumați
valsa	valsează
încări	încărirăm
adumbri	adumbriserăți
oranj	oranj
suci	suciseră
prânzi	prânzi
putea	poate
râios	râioasei
descânta	descântasem
plânge	plângeați
înfiripa	înfiripaează
discret	discrete
înmulți	înmulțiseși
aciua	a aciua
croi	croiau
traduce	să traducă
pisa	să pisați
vad	vadule
arăduce	arădus
scăpa	scăpăm
șubred	șubrede
tulbura	tulbura
emoționa	emoționați
scobi	scobesc
intra	intrară
chițăi	chițăiam
scobi	să scobească
cugeta	a cugeta
amesteca	să amestec
sufruncea	sufruncelele
estonian	definite articulation
uimi	uimiră
da muie	să dea muie
rescrie	rescrisese
râde	râde
înfoca	înfocase
explicare	niște explicări
agățare	unei agățări
înșeua	să înșeuez
pumă	pumele
tranzient	tranzient
emoțional	emoționala
sinistru	sinistrul
basma	niște basmale
stăpâni	stăpâneam
maltrata	nu maltratați
dator	datorilor
propune	să propună
interesa	să intereseze
posedare	niște posedări
izbi	izbit
epifanie	epifaniilor
închide	închiseși
pompier	pompierilor
aera	aerând
slut	slutei
dormita	dormitaserăți
opri	opresc
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostim
pieptăna	pieptănați
uimitor	uimitoare
adormit	adormite
luci	lucesc
pasteuriza	pasteurizați
naște	născuși
lipi	lipiși
pizdă	pizdelor
histologic	histologici
gâmba	a gâmba
vorbire	vorbirile
înconjura	a înconjura
înnopta	înnoptează
robi	robim
canoni	canonirăți
înrudi	înrudeam
plai	plaiurilor
inexprimabil	inexprimabile
țeapăn	țeapăn
contur	contururilor
codaș	codașule
rușina	rușinasem
arăta	să arăți
algoritm	algoritmilor
pilota	să pilotez
năpârcă	năpârcile
intoxica	intoxicând
răsfoi	a răsfoi
scoace	scoceam
renova	renovăm
mas	masurilor
clătina	clătinase
transcrie	transcriseseși
auz	auzurile
asexual	un asexual
plumburiu	plumburiu
obișnui	nu obișnui
finitate	finităților
atotputernic	atotputernice
fremăta	fremătarăm
pasa	nu pasa
nega	neagă
elementar	elementar
denatura	denaturarăți
scânci	scâncesc
anterior	anteriori
dezamăgit	dezamăgiților
aerisi	să aerisească
hotărî	hotăra
călător	niște călători
persan	persanilor
flexibil	flexibili
cep	cepurilor
dăpăra	să dăpărăm
adeveri	adeveresc
întrezări	întrezărește
azvârli	azvârli
împărăteasă	niște împărătese
copleși	copleșiră
cresta	crestaserăți
fixa	să fixeze
dovedi	dovediși
dori	nu dori
dumnezeiesc	dumnezeiești
acoperit	acoperiții
proteja	să protejați
relua	reluam
chema	chemau
rezolva	rezolvarăți
alina	alinai
acronim	unui acronim
țânțar	țânțarilor
ajuna	să ajune
pătrunde	nu pătrundeți
dușmăni	nu dușmăniți
adversar	adversarii
virtuos	virtuosului
afurisi	să afurisească
ridicat	ridicatul
treiera	nu treierați
uita	uitat
exclusivitate	exclusivitate
apăra	să apărați
ascunde	ascunseși
instantaneu	instantaneei
auriu	auriu
scuza	scuzasem
slav	slave
ciclist	ciclistele
muntos	muntos
încăpea	să încapă
parmezan	parmezanelor
răzgândi	răzgândii
nutri	să nutrești
păduchea	despăducheau
dezgheța	dezghețase
toarce	torseserăm
pietros	pietros
circumcide	să circumcid
sferic	sfericelor
activa	activați
interzice	interziceam
cutreiera	cutreierați
impredictibil	impredictibilei
dansa	dansam
consta	să constea
obraz	unui obraz
lipi	lipind
cumineca	cuminecă
dezmetici	dezmeticim
desface	desfăceai
lung	lungii
petici	peticiseră
săpa	săpaseră
da la labă	dăduși la labă
însufleți	însuflețeam
afunda	afundând
explica	explică
obține	obținu
cufunda	cufundăm
câtime	unei câtimi
tâmpi	tâmpind
tenta	tentăm
completa	să completeze
amâna	să amân
furtună	unei furtuni
depune	depusesem
curma	curmând
dicta	să dictezi
înțelepciune	înțelepciune
documenta	documentezi
apetisant	apetisanți
trânti	trântisem
mâneca	nu mâneca
împila	împilam
rupere	rupere
stabili	stabiliserăm
cinsti	cinstiți
încrede	încrezurăm
face	făcuseși
prunc	pruncilor
controla	controlași
distanță	distanțelor
busolă	busolă
introduce	introduseși
danez	danezule
roșie	roșie
pleca	pleacă
rostogoli	să rostogolim
pluti	nu pluti
glorificator	glorificatoare
controla	a controla
iernatic	iernaticelor
leton	letonă
mamifer	mamiferule
linge	lingeam
serios	serioasă
descrește	descreșteți
zice	ziseserăți
evlavios	evlavioaselor
materialist	unor materialiști
nectarină	unei nectarine
ofta	oftând
gramatică	unei gramatici
grăbit	grăbite
cuvios	cuvioși
uda	udă
reteza	retezase
tub	unui tub
amestecat	amestecatul
zemos	zemosul
orizont	niște orizonturi
fierbe	fierbeți
fugi	să fugă
exagera	exagerează
anteră	anteră
împrospăta	prospătează
sigur	sigur
întâmpla	nu întâmplați
ironizator	niște ironizatori
plivi	pliviți
copt	coapta
urmaș	urmașii
chițcăi	să chițcăiți
adulmeca	adulmecam
panteism	panteism
cerne	să cearnă
defileu	unui defileu
strâmba	nu strâmba
var	niște varuri
cășuna	cășunaseși
anonim	anonimilor
țeapăn	țepene
merita	meritarăți
scânteia	să scânteiezi
cântări	cântărirăți
dop	unui dop
folosi	folosit
spurca	să spurce
scumpi	scumpește
memorie	memoriilor
recunoștință	recunoștințelor
necunoscut	necunoscute
contopi	să contopești
trimite	trimiseseră
purcede	purcedeau
văduvi	văduvesc
răspândi	răspândește
munci	muncea
împleti	să împletească
înjuga	să înjug
hămesi	hămesiseși
adăpostit	adăpostiți
amesteca	amestecau
traversa	traversaserăți
obez	obeza
spurca	spurcarăm
șovăi	șovăise
asculta	ascultaseși
semna	semnam
glob	niște globuri
pizdar	pizdarule
pescărime	pescărime
obișnui	obișnuisem
înmulți	înmulții
înclina	să încline
spera	sperau
așeza	să așeze
delicios	delicioasele
murseca	nu murseca
plăcea	să plac
cuprinde	cuprindem
spate	unui spate
recupera	recuperează
mângâia	mângâind
îndurera	îndurerăm
murmura	să murmur
atinge	atinge
interzice	interzi
delirant	delirantei
doctoră	doctoră
pianist	pianiștilor
mânia	mâniați
șasiu	unui șasiu
spânzura	spânzurară
jindui	jinduiși
chirurgie	unei chirurgii
erecție	erecțiile
memoriza	memorizați
găti	să gătești
proteja	protejași
clădi	nu clădiți
răni	rănirăm
delict	delictelor
șantajistă	șantajistă
anterior	anterioare
juisa	a juisa
slut	sluți
împrejura	nu împrejurați
sufletesc	sufletești
speria	să speriem
anterior	anteriorilor
fuma	să fumeze
sefard	sefardei
poală	unei poale
descuia	descui
cinge	cingeau
da la muie	să dăm la muie
înșela	înșală
culca	culcasem
arunca	nu aruncați
priveghea	privegheai
îndobitoci	îndobitoceam
blond	blondelor
folosi	foloseai
inexprimabil	inexprimabilul
acuza	să acuzăm
lăcrimioară	unei lăcrimioare
anarhie	anarhie
străvechi	străvechii
cerși	cerșea
complexitate	unei complexități
destinat	destinate
vopsi	să vopsești
păstra	păstrați
sta	stătură
spovedi	a spovedi
merge	merseseră
cașcaval	cașcavalurilor
puți	să puți
răsfoi	răsfoise
mărturisi	mărturiseam
spumega	spumegă
plicticos	plicticosul
nelucrat	nelucratele
vulgar	vulgare
borî	bora
chema	a chema
consular	consulare
elevă	elevele
răzleți	răzlețiră
înviora	înviorează
delimita	delimită
alcătui	alcătuiseră
pruncie	pruncie
albicios	albicioase
îmbrățișa	îmbrățișarăm
tâmpit	definite articulation
cașcaval	cașcavalurile
îmbrăca	îmbrăcaserăm
înăbuși	înăbușiserăți
suci	nu suci
pripi	nu pripi
înmulți	înmulțit
consular	consulare
greu	grele
clădi	clădisem
contagios	contagioaselor
amărî	amărăște
încrucișa	încrucișând
încălzi	să încălzească
asculta	ascultase
închina	închinaserăm
dramatic	dramaticei
sexual	sexuali
îndesa	îndes
datora	datorează
angaja	angajase
prăbuși	prăbușit
însori	însoriră
agent	agenții
lucra	să lucrezi
stărui	stăruiați
bezmetic	bezmetic
conteni	să contenim
salivă	salivă
spulbera	spulberasem
împleti	împletește
scripte	scriptelor
șuiera	șuieraseși
cuprinde	cuprindeam
îmbătrâni	nu îmbătrâni
preveni	preveneați
desmăța	desmață
ținti	să țintească
împărți	împărțisem
da la labă	dăduseră la labă
mătura	nu mătura
cerși	cerșesc
suedez	suedezului
nasol	nasoala
striga	să strigi
întuneca	să întunecați
boală	unei boli
înmormânta	înmormântară
bazilică	bazilicilor
pișa	pișarăți
face labă	făcuseră labă
serios	serioase
zări	zăreai
înăbuși	înăbușesc
zbârli	zbârlea
skanderbeg	skanderbeg
proprietate	unei proprietăți
rosti	nu rostiți
baltic	baltici
sferic	sferice
usca	uscăm
mijloci	mijlociserăți
aspru	aspru
străbate	străbăteam
rățoi	rățoilor
christadelfian	unor christadelfieni
chiftea	chiftelele
încheia	încheiaseși
puritate	purităților
făuri	să făurim
făgădui	nu făgăduiți
recupera	nu recupera
înfricoșa	înfricoșai
face labă	fac labă
dialectal	dialectalele
frâna	frâna
deplinătate	deplinătății
adânci	adâncii
sexos	sexosului
picta	pictasem
degera	degerând
imputa	impută
scula	să sculați
topi	topeai
prăda	prădați
andorran	andorrani
profesie	profesie
sări	săream
grăbit	grăbitelor
cerențel	cerențeilor
felație	felațiilor
da muie	să dați muie
gâmba	gâmb
junghia	junghiarăm
răsări	răsărim
milimetric	milimetric
puțin	puținului
bolnăvicios	bolnăvicioși
repede	repezii
lansator	lansatoarelor
mov	un mov
lărgi	lărgești
afâna	afânai
stăpâni	stăpânise
artroză	unei artroze
picior	niște picioare
narcotic	unor narcotice
erou	eroii
îndemna	îndemnam
răspândi	răspândiserăm
întrezări	întrezăreai
suci	sucind
supraveghea	să supraveghez
scânci	scânceai
aed	aezilor
răcori	răcoriserăm
grăi	să grăim
scăpa	scăpai
culege	culegeai
cresta	crestează
artistic	artistice
olivă	olivă
trăsătură	niște trăsături
alcoolică	alcoolicelor
pasteuriza	să pasteurizeze
divorța	divorțau
apropiere	apropierilor
crizantemă	crizantemele
tiran	tiranii
submarin	submarinul
zgârie-nori	niște zgârie-nori
uragan	niște uragane
amical	amical
irita	iritaseră
mura	murau
silabă	silabelor
corimb	corimbele
stabili	stabileați
asimetrie	asimetriilor
obosi	obosești
alergie	alergiile
obține	obțineți
încuia	încuiarăm
muia	nu muiați
rugini	rugineați
nun	nunilor
plăcut	plăcute
dizolva	dizolvase
bucura	să bucure
toarce	să toarcem
biofizician	niște biofizicieni
îmbuiba	îmbuibat
săgeta	săgetează
îmbuiba	îmbuibați
combina	combinam
fuma	fumai
congela	congelează
neadecvat	neadecvații
diminua	să diminuez
planta	a planta
biochimic	biochimicilor
spurc	spurcurilor
adăuga	adăugau
desculța	a desculța
împăuna	împăunează
arăta	arătaserăți
cocostârc	niște cocostârci
astâmpăra	astâmpărăm
dimensionare	unei dimensionări
pescăruș	pescărușilor
meriza	merizam
închega	închegară
seninătate	niște seninătăți
îmbuca	îmbucaseși
păpa	să pap
tehnician	niște tehnicieni
platformă	niște platforme
internațional	internaționala
încălzi	să încălzească
relua	reluară
canelură	canelurile
dator	datori
originalitate	originalităților
cuminți	cumințiți
inteligibil	inteligibile
geme	nu geme
răpune	a răpune
cumpli	cumpliți
christadelfian	christadelfienii
lansa	lansați
screme	scremea
neghină	unei neghine
scobi	scobeai
întoarce	întoarse
răzgândi	nu răzgândi
colonialism	colonialism
prezent	prezentelor
toca	toacă
aminti	aminteam
despica	despicaserăți
desculț	desculță
bloca	să blocați
lăbărțat	lăbărțat
nenoroci	nu nenoroci
însărcina	însărcinați
obscen	obscen
grosime	grosimile
amâna	amânaserăm
încânta	încântaserăm
pasteuriza	pasteurizați
canicular	caniculara
spân	spână
catalan	niște catalani
dori	nu doriți
coborî	coborî
îndepărta	îndepărtaseră
înmâna	înmânează
păta	pătase
safir	safirelor
sud	sud
cerca	să cerc
îndepărta	îndepărtaserăți
aminti	amintiseră
pocni	să pocnești
clocoti	clocotești
nutri	nutrii
scumpi	scumpiserăți
încorpora	să încorporeze
socoti	socotit
înfățișa	înfățișaseși
dogmatic	dogmaticului
spuma	să spumeze
putred	putrezii
înlocui	să înlocuiască
țigăni	țigănind
tuna	să tun
vădi	nu vădiți
da jos	dădeau jos
întreg	întregilor
inimos	inimosului
înrădăcina	să înrădăcinăm
clădi	clădesc
anarhist	anarhistul
împăuna	împăunarăți
război	unui război
admira	a admira
macabru	macabru
coniac	coniacurile
dezmierda	să dezmierde
haotic	haotici
drege	dreg
judeca	judecai
sânge	sângiurilor
vântos	vântoasa
adânc	adâncul
delimita	delimitase
mărgini	să mărginim
bătrân	bătrânului
șal	niște șaluri
stuf	stufurile
luci	lucim
răzleți	să răzlețim
încuia	încui
împunge	să împung
despărți	să desparți
încăpea	încăpând
sângeros	sângeroasele
imprima	imprimând
timp	timpurile
înnopta	înnoptară
juvenil	juvenile
despuia	despuiat
topor	unui topor
elevă	elevelor
greață	niște grețuri
flămând	flămânde
ubicuu	ubicuele
sufoca	să sufoc
bănui	bănuiși
castra	castrarăm
geme	gemând
dur	duri
religios	religios
plânge	plângeau
cumpăra	cumpărați
ghidă	niște ghide
afâna	afâna
sticlă	sticlelor
agăța	agățaseră
transcrie	transcrieți
recunoscut	recunoscuți
veghea	veghea
apleca	să apleci
împrumuta	împrumută
juca	jucase
vecină	vecinelor
slugări	slugăriseră
calculat	calculatelor
toarce	toarserăți
ierna	iernăm
ferici	fericit
suspina	suspină
surprinde	surprinseserăm
unsuros	unsuroasă
râvni	râvnisem
borî	să borăsc
coperi	coperirăm
pubertate	pubertăților
fraier	fraierilor
zgardă	zgărzilor
jura	jurau
zgâria	zgârii
dezlega	dezlegam
ascuți	nu ascuțiți
sinucide	sinuciseseși
dezmierda	dezmierdați
spune	spuseră
sminti	nu sminti
junie	junie
moașă	moașă
pluralitate	pluralităților
visa	să visați
unsuros	unsuroasele
purcel	purceii
sărbători	sărbătorirăm
fierbe	fierserăți
mincinos	mincinoși
extinde	extinseși
neguros	neguroasele
spaghete	spaghetele
depăna	depănați
mura	murați
spinteca	spintecaseși
lingură	lingurilor
cotropi	cotropisem
important	importante
mânia	mâniind
țăcăni	țăcănise
săpa	săpai
aberativ	aberativilor
corupe	să corupă
scărmăna	scărmănăm
injecta	injectaserăm
tresări	tresar
tandru	tandrelor
împrejmui	împrejmuiam
mustăcioară	niște mustăcioare
buluci	buluceam
lăcrimos	lăcrimoase
centru	niște centre
construi	construiești
socializa	socializași
amiază	amiezilor
comânda	comândaseră
pofticios	pofticiosul
aplauda	să aplaudi
trăsni	trăsneați
înrădăcina	înrădăcinaserăți
recunoaște	recunoașteam
leneș	leneșului
servi	servesc
biochimic	biochimică
neprevizibil	neprevizibilul
adevăr	adevărule
răszice	răsziseserăți
descoperire	descoperirilor
bășică	bășicile
intern	interna
băși	bașeam
dușmăni	dușmăniți
cuteza	nu cutezați
intoxica	intoxica
înțepa	înțepați
crește	crescusem
prezent	prezente
zburda	să zburdați
teme	temură
compune	compuseseși
mustra	mustrați
consular	consular
tresări	tresăreai
lăcrimos	lăcrimoase
taifun	unui taifun
întâlni	întâlnirăți
dormita	dormită
dogmatic	dogmatic
gospodar	gospodara
mulge	mulseră
răpi	să răpim
păzi	păziți
lubrifia	lubrifiaserăți
insulta	insultați
întreprinde	nu întreprinde
refuza	refuzi
putea	puteți
frupt	unui frupt
arbust	arbuștilor
păzi	nu păziți
cosmic	cosmicului
mura	murase
îmbrăca	îmbrăcarăm
pansexual	unor pansexuali
alchimic	alchimicelor
păcat	păcatule
ciuguli	ciuguliși
hotărî	hotărâți
cârtiță	niște cârtițe
lupta	luptarăți
discreție	discreții
abilitate	abilitățile
încrunta	încruntă
interveni	intervii
capitula	capitulează
necăji	necăjeai
vînt	vînturilor
despăduchea	să despăduchez
tivi	tivi
fugi	fugiți
dogoare	dogorii
necinstit	necinstitelor
începe	începeți
epuiza	epuizaserăți
ara	arai
căuta	să căutăm
muta	să muți
cunoaște	să cunoască
minciună	unei minciuni
brun	brună
iapă	niște iepe
zbârli	zbârliți
perfect	perfecții
diseca	disecând
fluvial	fluviali
prevesti	să prevestească
parazitar	parazitari
nemilă	nemilă
pava	pavam
macagiu	macagiule
convingător	convingătoarea
vesel	veseli
reduce	să reducem
scămos	scămoase
căsători	căsătoriseși
beli	belea
anarhist	un anarhist
doctoră	niște doctore
excursionist	excursioniștilor
nor	norii
ruina	ruinat
dezbina	să dezbin
izbi	izbisem
aiura	să aiureze
cumplit	cumplitul
unidirecțional	unidirecționale
omorî	omorî
ornat	ornatului
spiritual	spirituali
fulg	niște fulgi
răsfira	răsfirarăți
descălța	să descalțe
gâmba	gâmbaserăm
alotropic	alotropicele
urzi	urziseră
cuteza	cuteza
rosti	rostirăți
dans	dansurilor
înceta	încetați
viermui	viermuiți
sudic	sudicele
mătura	mătur
reteza	reteză
încărca	încărcam
imposibil	unor imposibile
descânta	descântau
venera	venerarăm
îmbrăca	îmbrăcai
împăna	împănarăți
însori	însoream
viețui	viețuise
sălta	săltași
înnopta	nu înnoptați
murmura	murmurând
împlânta	împlântam
călca	călcasem
cangur	niște canguri
harpist	harpiștilor
buciuma	buciumarăm
răstigni	răstignea
orbi	orbeam
face sex	făcură sex
forja	forjez
păcătui	păcătuiați
aduce	aduceți
pricepe	pricepură
baltă	bălților
putrezi	nu putrezi
încurca	încurcași
murdări	să murdăriți
amaneta	amanetai
înjosi	înjosiserăm
lăuda	lăudaseși
înfășa	înfașă
lansa	lansase
clădi	clădesc
asin	asinii
toci	să tocesc
beli	belesc
explicativ	explicative
întări	întărind
ejacula	ejaculăm
găsi	găsirăm
sparge	spargeți
frământa	frământasem
uni	unim
sângeros	sângerosului
peți	pețesc
complet	completele
rostogoli	a rostogoli
avansa	avansăm
soporifer	soporifere
înmormânta	înmormântează
taur	taurilor
călca	călcaseră
accesibil	accesibil
învolbura	învolburați
ornat	ornate
merita	să meriți
narcotiza	a narcotiza
dărăci	dărăciți
nisipos	nisipoasa
chimic	chimicii
dezrădăcina	nu dezrădăcina
dezgust	dezgust
înnoda	înnodat
înfometa	să înfometăm
avion	avioanele
izmene	izmenelor
răci	răciserăm
măgărie	măgărie
interzice	nu interziceți
complexitate	complexităților
inexprimabil	inexprimabililor
obscen	obscenilor
hotărî	hotărârăți
folositor	folositoarea
descrește	descreșteam
dușmăni	dușmănii
înmulți	înmulțește
țărm	țărmurilor
îngreuna	a îngreuna
nivela	nivelați
grăi	grăirăți
dururos	dururoșii
contopi	contopii
sătura	să saturi
turti	turtiseră
imagina	imaginam
юби	юбисе
înnegri	nu înnegriți
cere	cer
păgânism	păgânismule
spera	sperară
lindic	lindicele
însărcina	să însărcinez
economic	economicului
tivi	tiviți
lansa	lansa
prevesti	prevesteai
turna	turnai
trimite	trimitea
propunere	propunerilor
dogmatic	dogmaticei
omorî	omorâserăți
dezvăța	nu dezvățați
copleși	copleșea
ridica	ridicam
sloboz	slobozul
săra	să sărez
motiv	motivele
licări	licăresc
picta	pictam
forja	forjezi
șes	șeșilor
purificator	indefinite articulation
pisa	să pisez
gâmba	gâmbași
ejacula	ejaculaserăți
mișca	a mișca
gureș	gureși
înscrie	înscriseră
înfuleca	înfulecă
transpira	transpiră
renova	să renovăm
distra	să distrezi
gusta	gustă
întreține	întrețin
bijuterie	unei bijuterii
tăios	tăiosului
încura	încurasem
știrb	știrbe
șef	șefule
milos	miloasă
țese	să țeseți
glonț	unui glonț
masturbare	masturbările
săra	a săra
reteza	nu retezați
dorință	unei dorințe
căprui	căprui
preveni	preveniși
ierta	nu iertați
izbi	izbind
capitală	capitală
monoaxial	monoaxialelor
lemn	unui lemn
vlăgui	vlăguim
rută	unei rute
util	utile
comerț	comerțului
capăt	unui capăt
trece	treceți
inexplicabil	inexplicabil
descurca	descurcară
traducere	traducerilor
flecar	unor flecari
aisberg	aisbergule
tuși	să tușească
vindeca	vindeca
simplifica	simplifică
zănatic	zănaticului
socializa	să socializați
vorbăreț	vorbăreței
aeroport	aeroporturilor
închide	închisesem
picta	pictat
porumbel	porumbelule
cufuri	cufurii
analogic	analogicii
însoți	însoțind
obscen	obscenei
nereal	nereal
pinguin	pinguinilor
amăgi	a amăgi
unge	să ungem
migdal	migdalule
vădi	să vădiți
alinta	alintai
crucifica	crucificarăm
mulțumi	mulțumiseră
nenoroci	nu nenorociți
visa	să visez
împușca	împușcaserăm
sluji	slujeam
alcoolică	alcoolică
avansa	avansaseși
lăsat	lăsații
curechi	curechii
extern	externului
slav	slavei
săptămînă	săptămînă
rade	răseseră
stabili	nu stabili
sufoca	să sufocați
neadaptat	neadaptate
învește	învăscu
despărți	despărțiserăm
prinde	a prinde
gaza	nu gazați
vopsi	vopsește
găti	gătește
bestial	bestiale
înrăma	înrămai
alcătui	alcătuiam
reintroduce	a reintroduce
nelucrat	nelucrați
acid	acidului
narcotiza	narcotiză
lamantin	lamantinule
purica	puricând
dispărea	dispăreați
întortochea	întortocheați
spulbera	spulberă
gravita	gravitai
ciuguli	ciugulea
algoritm	unui algoritm
mistifica	mistifică
reverie	reveriile
flămând	flămânzii
descăleca	descăleca
albastru	albastre
bengalez	bengalezii
alb	albi
bestial	bestialul
răceală	răcelilor
puncta	nu puncta
maltez	maltezii
coborî	coboram
visa	visasem
zări	zărim
îndupleca	înduplecau
boxer	niște boxeri
măicuță	măicuțelor
setos	setoși
numărător	numărătorii
scurge	scurgeți
nisipos	nisipos
genunchi	unui genunchi
foamete	unei foamete
prezice	prezisese
jupân	niște jupâni
scăpăra	să scaperi
citi	citind
antrenare	antrenările
prelungi	să prelungești
căpăta	căpătarăți
servi	servea
șuiera	să șuieri
diminuare	diminuare
extrage	să extragă
rătăci	să rătăciți
fulgera	fulgeră
ofta	oftaseră
îmbuca	să îmbuc
ademeni	ademeni
comânda	comândaseși
uman	umanii
destrăma	destramase
alăpta	alăptați
tatua	tatuaserăți
cartă	unei carte
vorbăreț	vorbăreților
învenina	să înveninezi
ghida	ghidai
clocoti	clocoteam
ciocănitoare	ciocănitoare
săptămânal	săptămânalelor
lutos	lutoșilor
amesteca	să amestecăm
termometru	termometrele
încorona	încoronau
îndobitoci	îndobitoceai
tramvai	tramvaiule
behaviorism	behaviorism
spaniol	spaniolul
închide	închide
grec	grecule
mâzgăli	mâzgălea
sud-african	definite articulation
subscrie	subscriai
perineu	niște perinee
uda	uzi
tipări	să tipărească
reduce	să reduc
banană	bananelor
scălda	nu scălda
neutru	neutrului
îndrăzni	să îndrăzniți
vlăgui	vlăgui
zgomotos	zgomotoșilor
aplecăciune	aplecăciunilor
scoace	nu scoaceți
înnegura	înnegurez
scurta	scurtară
pica	picat
mirosi	să miroasă
frige	frigeai
suprem	supremul
dăpăra	nu dăpărați
părinte	părinților
dezavantajos	dezavantajoasă
înfuleca	înfulecai
vorbi	vorbise
stăpâni	stăpâniserăți
schimba	schimbați
comoară	comorilor
înfiripa	înfiripaăm
adeveri	adeverisem
mielar	mielarilor
mișca	mișcaseră
afla	să afle
dezechilibru	dezechilibrule
inteligibil	inteligibile
serv	unui serv
rade	să radă
rugină	ruginilor
omorî	să omor
naiv	naiva
chițcăi	chițcăi
spăla	spălau
distractiv	distractiv
sefard	sefardele
amâna	amânam
simplifica	să simplifici
șurubelniță	șurubelnițelor
măiestru	măieștri
răposa	răposară
bujor	bujorilor
creangă	unei crengi
recunoștință	niște recunoștințe
lori	niște lori
unilateral	unilateralele
înlesni	înlesneați
prezent	prezentul
mesteca	mestecă
gras	grasă
arăta	arătaseși
destupa	destupa
sfulgera	sfulgerau
salva	salvase
îngrămădi	îngrămădea
prefera	să preferați
ciufut	ciufuților
opri	oprești
conveni	să convină
uda	să ud
înmormânta	înmormântarăm
icre	icrelor
curvă	curvă
virotic	virotice
veșted	veșted
lua în seamă	ia în seamă
criminal	criminalului
bianual	bianualilor
întrebuința	să întrebuințeze
umbri	umbreați
juca	joacă
adăpost	adăposturilor
prefera	preferând
desfășura	a desfășura
reduce	redusesem
tuși	să tușești
căprioară	căprioarelor
trăncăni	trăncănirăți
invizibil	invizibili
trânti	trântesc
lutos	lutoaselor
obsedare	unei obsedări
pricepe	a pricepe
irita	iritaserăți
bucureștean	definite articulation
nun	nunule
cerca	cercai
voame	vomurăți
împodobi	nu împodobiți
limbă	limbile
hămesi	hămeseau
arde	ardeai
șters	șterșilor
strecura	strecuram
distila	distilași
exotic	exoticilor
orbi	să orbească
rezolva	rezolvați
făptui	făptuirăți
profesoară	profesoarele
împăra	împăra
hrăni	să hrăniți
vinde	vânzând
vizibilitate	vizibilitate
orienta	orientați
certa	certaserăți
polonic	polonicule
mistifica	mistificau
spulbera	spulberase
dezice	să dezic
boteza	botezând
inbus	inbusule
scurma	scurmaserăm
utiliza	utilizaseră
invizibil	invizibilă
estima	estimai
scămos	scămoșii
hazliu	hazlii
căsca	să caște
ajuta	ajutați
isprăvi	isprăveam
extrage	să extragem
înfoia	înfoia
contopi	să contopim
culca	culcați
străluc	unui străluc
glumi	să glumiți
conține	conținurăm
conteni	contenit
lua în seamă	luarăm în seamă
corci	corciserăm
afuma	afumați
puncta	puncta
dărâma	dărâmasem
circumcide	circumciserăți
jena	să jenez
curechi	curechilor
eternitate	eternitate
târziu	târziu
rupere	niște ruperi
seduce	să seduci
național	naționale
strănuta	strănutai
șchiop	șchioape
luced	lucede
șchiop	șchiopii
păduche	unui păduche
toxic	toxicele
impune	să impui
iudaism	iudaismule
dormi	dorm
strănuta	strănutară
mâneca	să mânecați
furnica	nu furnica
jigni	jigneam
dumica	nu dumicați
critic	criticei
arcadă	arcadelor
suspina	suspină
înveli	să învelească
nutri	nutri
freca	frecai
virtuos	virtuoase
refuza	refuzați
înconjura	înconjură
babă	babelor
lipici	lipiciurilor
desmăța	desmățași
ebraică	ebraică
însufleți	însuflețiți
înlătura	să înlături
dezrădăcina	dezrădăcinai
nutri	nutriseși
cooperare	cooperărilor
moldovenesc	moldovenești
conopidă	unei conopide
împodobi	împodobisem
împila	împilează
parca	să parchez
încadra	încadrarăm
convinge	să conving
făptui	făptuiați
râpă	râpelor
călătorie	călătoriile
destrăma	să destramăm
prevești	preveșteam
principal	principalii
speria	nu speria
dururos	dururoase
multipolaritate	multipolarității
prăji	să prăjească
surprinde	să surprindeți
satisface	satisfăceau
păstrăv	păstrăvule
seră	unei sere
tâmpi	tâmpit
proba	proba
înfoca	înfocai
împinge	împinsesem
zgâi	zgâind
lătra	lătrat
zbiera	zbierăm
etimologie	etimologiilor
anin	aninilor
central	central
indisponibil	indisponibililor
răzleți	răzleți
orb	orbului
ruina	ruinași
teoric	teorice
lavandă	lavandelor
revoluție	niște revoluții
porni	a porni
limpede	limpezi
ajuta	ajutai
clătina	să clatin
apăsa	să apeși
afâna	a afâna
satura	saturaserăți
mușca	mușcam
descuia	descuiaserăți
șopti	șoptise
nepopular	nepopularilor
îmbăta	nu îmbăta
amuza	amuzasem
jachetă	jachetelor
convingător	convingătorilor
vârtos	vârtos
halva	halva
exagerație	exagerație
sufruncea	niște sufruncele
lindic	niște lindice
moșteni	moșteniserăți
forfecare	forfecărilor
putred	putredului
roșu	roșii
ceacâr	ceacârii
general	unui general
conteni	să contenească
reteza	retezași
scărmăna	să scărmănați
împrejmui	să împrejmuiești
acreală	niște acreli
înfige	înfipseși
izgoni	să izgonim
închis	închiși
nemeritat	nemeritate
fi	fuse
tehnologie	tehnologiile
mâhni	mâhniseră
circumcide	circumciseserăm
proastă	proastele
crin	crinilor
sfânt	sfinții
imprima	imprimam
umăr	unui umăr
pofti	să poftiți
terțiu	terție
sorbi	sorbiți
ierta	iertarăți
judeca	judecaserăm
organ	organule
stropi	stropirăți
soporifer	soporiferul
adulmeca	să adulmeci
lutră	lutrele
sângera	sângerase
barbură	barburele
descrește	descreșteau
motor	unui motor
făuri	făureai
aerisi	aerisesc
datora	datoraseși
proastă	proastă
flutura	fluturi
perineal	perineale
făt	feților
nimeri	nimeream
clătina	clătină
încălzi	nu încălzi
irlandez	irlandezul
ploios	ploioase
dregător	niște dregători
dăpăra	dăpărarăți
varicelă	varicelă
abdominal	abdominal
vădi	vădirăți
stană	stanelor
sinistru	sinistrei
angaja	angajă
descuia	descuiați
ferici	fericiră
dreptar	dreptarele
animație	animațiilor
împlini	să împlinești
tenta	tentarăți
bate	să bați
vedea	văd
înnoda	înnoadǎ
vărsa	a vărsa
grăbi	a grăbi
evaziv	evazivi
cinsti	cinstim
înspăimânta	înspăimântat
termina	terminasem
înconjura	să înconjure
interesa	nu interesați
irlandez	irlandezilor
însori	însori
lingvistică	unei lingvistici
tenacitate	tenacității
dumica	dumicai
mângâia	mângâiam
cășuna	nu cășuna
ierna	iernasem
afla	aflase
scorni	scornind
electromagnetic	electromagneticelor
cald	cald
răpune	nu răpuneți
amărî	amărăști
supraveghea	supraveghearăți
brancardier	brancardierule
întâmpina	întâmpinau
smulge	smulgeai
împăuna	împăunați
mediocru	mediocre
holba	holbarăți
ulm	ulmule
zbura	zburasem
râios	râioase
murmura	murmurarăți
înverșuna	înverșunară
înfometa	înfometa
îngeresc	îngerești
prăși	prășiserăți
хомосексуалитате	хомосексуалитэций
mărita	mărită
tipări	să tipăresc
internațional	internațională
îndeletnici	îndeletnicise
nechibzuit	nechibzuită
luced	luced
biochimic	biochimice
pocni	pocnisem
înspăimânta	înspăimântam
sfecli	sfecleam
îngrijora	îngrijoră
dezuni	să dezunească
animal	animalele
urbaniza	urbanizarăm
ros	rosul
mișca	să miști
petici	peticeam
descânta	descântam
aruncare	aruncărilor
prăși	prășește
diseca	disecă
estima	estimezi
dospi	a dospi
șalău	șalăilor
conveni	a conveni
demn	demnii
dezvăța	dezvățați
viu	viu
săruta	a săruta
omenos	omenoasele
dezrobi	dezrobiserăm
nemțesc	nemțești
ud	ude
pierde	pierd
compatriot	niște compatrioți
mulge	nu mulge
sfâșia	să sfâșie
analogic	analogic
submarin	definite articulation
aminti	amintirăm
îngrășa	îngrășă
muzical	muzicale
înseta	să însetezați
juca	jucăm
oxid	oxizilor
instant	instant
admira	admiram
îngâna	îngână
ușă	ușă
purica	să puricăm
intra	intrați
transpira	transpiram
nostalgic	nostalgicilor
anima	nu animați
răsfira	răsfiră
visa	visară
săptămână	unei săptămâni
dezmierda	dezmierdăm
insista	insistați
canabinoid	unui canabinoid
cufunda	cufundai
judeca	judecaseși
testicular	testiculare
invita	invita
încăla	să încale
refuza	refuză
îneca	a îneca
pașcă	niște păști
copleși	copleșit
săpa	să sapi
șchiopăta	șchiopătași
vindecător	indefinite articulation
dureros	dureros
dezvoltat	dezvoltat
sălcet	niște sălceturi
aminti	amintind
curcă	curcă
nerușinat	nerușinatei
înfrăți	înfrățirăm
învechi	să învechească
țese	țesi
sluji	slujește
epocă	epocilor
oaste	niște oști
mărunți	mărunțiră
atrocitate	unei atrocități
veni	nu veni
acuza	să acuz
glicină	glicinelor
șerbi	șerbesc
teoretic	definite articulation
isprăvi	nu isprăviți
ascunde	ascunde
universitate	universităților
blond	blonda
aior	aiorilor
gata	gata
dezamăgi	dezamăgiră
împușca	împușcase
aluneca	aluneci
înfricoșa	să înfricoșezi
juvenil	juvenila
naiv	naive
ieftini	să ieftinesc
păun	păunule
plictisi	să plictisesc
ironic	ironicele
supăra	supăraseși
vindecător	unor vindecători
unge	unserăți
bucuros	bucurosului
coase	coși
scumpi	scumpiserăm
avansa	să avanseze
zombi	zombiule
amuți	amuțiși
albinos	albinoasa
recunoaște	recunoaștea
zburda	zburdară
prezice	preziceau
depăra	depăram
susține	susținuserăm
dinozaur	dinozaurii
cumineca	cuminecam
dicta	dictaserăți
cresta	crestară
râvni	râvnim
prăji	prăjește
coborî	coboară
mesteca	să mestecăm
viezure	viezurilor
zgardă	zgardă
imposibil	imposibilelor
irlandez	unor irlandezi
rinichi	niște rinichi
bulgar	bulgarului
curge	curgeau
îndemna	îndemni
labagiu	labagiilor
îmboldi	îmboldiți
îmbuca	îmbucam
curăța	curățai
biograf	biografilor
memoriza	memorizați
așterne	așternuseși
răscoace	răscoci
conteni	conteneam
îndurera	să îndurereze
uni	uniseși
chițăi	să chițăi
praf	prafule
întâlni	să întâlniți
repauza	repauzaserăți
cuprinde	cuprindea
ierbos	ierboasei
rula	rulam
încări	încăriseși
produce	produseseși
știrb	știrbului
înșeua	înșeuai
dozare	dozărilor
nodos	nodoasei
sugruma	să sugrume
dori	dorești
împresura	nu împresurați
întoarce	a întoarce
încumeta	încumetă
ciclist	cicliști
mistifica	mistificaserăți
intranzitiv	intranzitivei
cearșaf	cearșafule
încorona	încoronai
persevera	perseveraserăți
tinde	tinse
înghiți	înghițise
invariabil	invariabila
osos	osoasa
forfoti	forfoteam
fumuriu	fumuria
înnoi	înnoirăm
nechibzuință	nechbzuințelor
descrie	descrie
expedia	expediaserăți
contrazice	contraziceți
danez	danezului
lovi	lovim
rescrie	rescrie
minuna	minunaseși
intoxica	intoxicaserăți
saluta	salutăm
fugi	fugii
lubrifia	a lubrifia
suna	sunaseși
fusar	niște fusari
măcina	macină
rupe	rupseseră
avea dreptate	avusem dreptate
șubred	șubrezi
însera	înserau
spulbera	a spulbera
îmbărbăta	îmbărbătezi
purica	nu puricați
amenința	să amenințe
haotic	haotic
încorpora	încorporai
dumica	dumica
căsători	căsătorirăți
exista	existaseși
bătrân	unor bătrâni
așteptare	așteptare
nădăjdui	nădăjdui
supăra	să supărați
integrabil	integrabilii
înconjura	înconjuram
subscrie	subscrise
sista	sistați
delirant	delirantelor
fractura	fracturaseși
conduce	conduseseră
contopi	a contopi
întrista	întristează
răguși	să răgușească
amorți	să amorțești
tins	tinse
denatura	denaturai
hiberna	nu hiberna
câine de apă	niște câini de apă
neglija	nu neglija
nivela	nivelez
cășuna	cășuna
propune	propuseră
definiție	unei definiții
arin	arinule
răsturna	să răstoarne
secret	secreților
curcă	curcile
an	anilor
muncă	muncilor
nauruan	nauruane
combina	combinăm
înlesni	înlesnirăți
câștiga	câștigarăți
păcurar	păcurarilor
prăda	prădat
desface	desfă
freca	frecase
cântări	cântărisem
dicta	dictarăți
prosti	prostiră
convinge	a convinge
vigilență	vigilențele
răspunde	să răspundeți
lărgi	a lărgi
ivorian	ivorienilor
vărgat	vărgați
împăra	împărați
forja	forjai
nefertilizat	nefertilizat
distila	distilaserăți
țigăni	țigăniși
încărunți	încărunțește
buciuma	buciumând
compune	compuserăm
nap	napilor
orgasm	niște orgasme
irațional	irațional
seduce	seduseseră
descinge	să descing
iluzoriu	iluzorii
metionină	metioninei
cuprinde	cuprins
împovăra	să împovăreze
dezamăgi	dezamăgiți
evreu	niște evrei
zoologie	zoologiei
mătura	mătură
tornadă	tornadelor
isprăvi	isprăvii
scufunda	să scufundați
nebuni	nebuni
explica	explicai
alinta	alintarăți
vizita	nu vizitați
striga	strigi
vrăji	să vrăjești
ardei	ardeilor
liniște	liniști
întrista	întristă
culege	nu culegeți
țăcăni	țăcănește
mulge	a mulge
întrebuința	întrebuințaserăți
murseca	mursecaserăm
înfometa	înfometaseră
nega	negam
amorți	amorțeați
urbanizare	unei urbanizări
înnegura	înnegurează
întrista	întristaseși
poștal	poștale
săra	săraserăm
adevărat	adevărată
nădăjdui	nădăjduiești
construi	construirăm
rar	rarii
persevera	perseveraseși
asemăna	asemănai
învenina	învenină
biet	bietele
propti	proptiserăm
distractiv	distractivi
valoare	valorilor
făgădui	făgăduiește
cloci	cloceau
apune	apusesem
răscoace	să răscoci
pederast	pederastule
animalitate	animalitatea
bătrân	niște bătrâni
încorpora	încorporă
trandafir	trandafirilor
dogar	dogarilor
muzică	muzicilor
șchiopăta	nu șchiopăta
drăgălaș	drăgălașe
pregeta	să pregeți
înșela	înșelarăți
uimitor	uimitoarele
geme	gemut
tânji	tânjeau
supraveghea	supraveghează
poală	poalelor
mulțumi	mulțumește
căca	să căcați
îndupleca	înduplecase
părui	păruim
lovi	să lovesc
copt	coaptelor
învecina	învecinăm
îngheța	să înghețăm
refeca	refecarăți
cuveni	cuvin
zări	zăriți
înălța	înălțaserăm
muc	unui muc
netezi	netezirăm
cufuri	cufurești
ucide	uciserăți
sminti	smintiseră
scoace	scoapseserăți
sări	săreai
plat	plate
acord	acordurilor
rumega	rumegăm
dicta	dictau
înfometa	înfometați
suci	sucim
apăra	apără
funcție	unei funcții
stărui	să stăruiți
prioritate	priorităților
scânteia	scânteiaserăm
japonez	japonezului
complet	compleți
pupa	pupași
susura	susură
dulce	dulcelui
spovedi	să spovedești
cinsti	nu cinsti
speria	speriarăm
dependent	dependentelor
fraged	fragezii
necomunicat	necomunicatul
lin	line
citi	citea
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățim
pișa	pișă
îmbuna	îmbunează
zbura	zburaseși
venerare	venerare
pocni	pocnește
cerne	a cerne
ananas	ananasule
gramatică	gramaticilor
întina	să întineze
plâns	unor plânsuri
reduce	redusese
oftica	să ofticați
puncta	nu punctați
făgădui	făgăduiseră
cântări	cântărirăm
îndurera	îndureraseră
adânci	adâncit
distruge	să distrugă
hămesi	hămesise
apăsa	apasă
ținti	țintim
trăsni	nu trăsni
înverzi	înverzea
înlătura	înlăturați
jena	jena
hrăni	a hrăni
strănuta	strănută
albicios	albicioasa
uman	umanului
pulsa	pulsați
coopera	cooperează
vindeca	vindecam
bășica	bășică
olandez	definite articulation
făgădui	făgăduim
spurca	spurcași
pulos	pulosul
rezident	definite articulation
dughie	dughie
înnegura	înnegurase
neanticipat	neanticipate
vesel	vesel
ploios	ploioase
logodi	nu logodiți
urla	urlase
înfierbânta	înfierbântași
comunica	comunicarăți
ține	să ții
făptui	făptuiește
broască	broaștelor
geografic	geograficei
mătura	măturaserăți
alăpta	alăptarăți
Florii	niște Florii
sări	săreau
țeapăn	țeapăna
urzeală	urzelile
ficat	unui ficat
automat	definite articulation
aleatoriu	aleatoriile
hobby	hobby-urile
anonim	definite articulation
olimpic	olimpici
maimuță	maimuțelor
hartă	hartă
joint	jointurilor
articula	articulați
interesa	interesaserăm
aminti	amintiți
cepar	ceparule
maestru	maeștrii
țese	țese
circumcizie	circumciziile
zgăura	zgăurarăți
lărgi	lărgiți
spuzi	spuziți
zbârli	să zbârlească
guraliv	guraliv
perinda	perindasem
întâmpina	să întâmpine
nisipos	nisipoși
tuși	tușiți
strâmta	strâmtai
schimb	schimbule
țeapăn	țepeni
păți	să pățiți
ascuți	ascuții
viticultor	niște viticultori
versatil	versatil
zări	nu zăriți
conteni	contenesc
spovedi	spovedesc
lămuri	a lămuri
acoperi	acopereați
teism	teismului
adăpa	adapă
parca	parcaserăți
filantropic	filantropice
face sex	să fac sex
nega	negaserăm
ubicuitate	ubicuității
țigăni	țigănirăm
înfățișa	înfățișă
spectral	spectralii
înfrunta	înfruntă
onest	onestă
zărgan	zărganii
macabru	macabră
hibă	hibă
ventilator	ventilatorule
sumete	sumet
sloboz	slobozule
rugi	rugit
mânea	măseși
plăti	plătiți
dezvoltat	dezvoltații
adopta	adoptasem
prosti	prostirăți
corupe	corup
locui	locuiau
cânta	cântasem
circula	nu circula
mahala	niște mahalale
dezlipi	dezlipiră
număra	număraserăm
rac	racilor
flămânzi	flămânziseși
găoază	niște găoaze
anonimitate	anonimitate
încălța	a încălța
număra	numărând
strâmt	strâmtei
asturian	un asturian
roib	niște roibi
despăduchea	despăducheați
dezgropa	dezgropaseră
băga	băgați
inginer	unui inginer
lichid	lichidul
înfumura	înfumuraserăm
mira	mirând
mura	murați
bălăi	bălăirăți
lucra	lucrai
descălța	descălță
fărâma	fărâmarăm
sângeros	sângerosul
sluji	slujisem
macru	macre
tâmpi	să tâmpești
asexual	niște asexuali
feminitate	feminitate
ascuns	ascunsă
citi	citisem
purcede	purcedeți
prevești	preveștiți
mândru	mândre
guverna	guvernam
șterge	ștersese
traiectorie	traiectoriilor
scăpăta	scapăt
înfrunta	înfruntați
jura	să jure
măsura	măsurai
rupt	ruptele
intern	interne
folosire	unei folosiri
convinge	convinseși
persevera	perseverai
ameți	amețim
lua	luă
aritmetic	aritmetici
limpezi	limpezeam
da la muie	dăduseră la muie
linge	lingeai
înspăimânta	înspăimântați
lesbian	lesbienilor
răzbuna	răzbunarăți
geologie	geologie
dezgusta	dezgusta
supăra	supărai
perinda	perinda
dezminți	a dezminți
îmbogăți	îmbogățesc
bengalez	bengalezelor
nebuni	nebunește
fonetic	foneticelor
subscrie	subscrisese
dezminți	să dezmințească
ruina	ruinați
inserție	niște inserții
zemos	zemoase
dușmănie	unei dușmănii
capitula	capitulam
armăsar	armăsarule
pederastie	pederastii
auri	auriserăm
scufunda	scufunzi
invizibil	invizibile
adeveri	adeveriși
preveni	previno
părintesc	părintești
cugeta	cugetaseși
pederastic	pederastice
anonimitate	anonimitatea
mâneca	mânecăm
homosexual	unor homosexuali
angaja	angajezi
împerechea	împerechez
principal	principale
prezice	să prezici
împuți	împuțeam
încura	să încuri
râma	să râmăm
ud	uzilor
apleca	aplecați
trezi	trezește
sfârtica	sfârticai
sexualitate	sexualității
central-european	central-europenilor
suna	sunarăm
rămâne	rămâi
îngreuna	îngreunat
rumega	rumegarăm
dispărea	să dispar
rămas	rămasurile
loga	logat
căpăta	căpătasem
prăși	să prășească
frige	fripseserăm
încheia	încheiarăm
croi	a croi
biclă	biclelor
mărturie	mărturiilor
evoluție	niște evoluții
plânge	plânseseși
caldarâm	unui caldarâm
nemțesc	nemțeștii
fura	furat
șa	niște șei
păzi	păzii
anonimă	unei anonime
burete	bureților
tranzient	tranziente
aprindere	unei aprinderi
sugruma	sugrumau
zombi	zombilor
risca	riscară
turist	niște turiști
scăpăra	nu scăpăra
umfla	umflă
murmura	murmură
guvern	guvernurile
peți	nu pețiți
trage	traseserăți
romancier	unui romancier
ciudat	ciudata
cârnat	cârnaților
dispărea	dispăreți
tărăgăna	tărăgănară
urât	urâtului
dirigui	diriguia
pișa	să piș
întrema	întremam
retrage	retraseși
persoană	persoanelor
șes	șesului
ras	rasa
ucide	ucide
scânteia	scânteiez
culca	culcați
venera	venerați
cinsti	cinsteau
infirmier	infirmierule
gravita	gravitarăți
împroprietări	împroprietăriră
crescut	crescute
mărgini	mărgineam
pica	să pice
căpăta	căpăta
înfuria	să înfurie
roșu	roșiei
înfățișa	înfățișaserăți
plauzibilitate	plauzibilitate
virnanț	virnanților
fiică	unei fiice
funcționa	funcționează
sparge	sparg
roză	rozelor
înmâna	înmână
copia	copiaseși
sferic	sfericilor
înțepa	înțepași
locui	locuiră
persevera	perseverară
abil	abili
înrâuri	nu înrâuriți
înfige	înfipserăm
datora	nu datora
încălțăminte	încălțăminte
bănui	bănuiam
împături	să împăturiți
muzical	muzical
cerca	cercasem
ascuți	ascuțeam
mistifica	mistificam
defăima	defăimaseși
mușca	muști
păstra	păstră
face sex	fac sex
iconoclast	iconoclastule
pansexual	indefinite articulation
recunoaște	recunoscuserăți
somnifer	somnifere
tresărire	tresăririle
înfoca	înfocaseși
nădăjdui	nădăjduirăți
chip	unui chip
părea	pari
dărăci	dărăceam
recunoaște	recunoașteam
dezgusta	nu dezgusta
făgădui	făgăduiți
încercui	încercuiește
rosti	rostirăm
adia	să adiem
inelar	inelarele
ieși	ies
observație	observațiilor
trandafiriu	trandafirii
purpuriu	purpuriu
șansă	șansele
asemăna	asemănau
aritmetic	aritmeticelor
reduce	reduserăm
socializa	socializă
neîmpiedicat	neîmpiedicații
năsos	năsoasă
dezice	deziceai
închina	închinai
răguși	răgușiși
nutri	nutriți
hemoroid	hemoroizilor
termina	terminaseși
aprins	aprinsului
tranzitiv	tranzitivilor
bour	niște bouri
uimi	nu uimi
evreu	evreilor
irita	iritarăm
nepopular	nepopulare
avânta	avântam
sorti	sortesc
țăcăni	să țăcănească
vorbă	vorbelor
îmblânzi	îmblânziși
înălța	înălțând
trunchi	unui trunchi
păți	pățiseră
împerechea	împerechează
relua	să reia
înșira	înșiră
ajunge la majorat	ajung la majorat
vădi	vădiserăm
scânteia	scânteiași
desfăta	desfătați
zăpăci	zăpăceau
nostalgic	nostalgicele
ierna	iernați
cumpăra	nu cumpărați
borcan	unui borcan
beli	beleai
potrivi	potriveam
ademeni	ademenești
decide	decideți
cumineca	să cuminecăm
glorificator	glorificatoarei
prevesti	prevestirăm
deplasa	deplasară
deplasa	deplasează
cocoloși	cocoloșirăm
amăgi	amăgim
prăpădi	prăpădim
empiric	empiricelor
gras	grași
îmbia	îmbiem
dinamic	dinamice
sfinți	sfințise
maghiar	maghiarilor
seduce	seduseseși
împleti	împleteai
deștepta	nu deșteptați
despuia	să despoaie
miner	minerii
lăsat	lăsatelor
scobi	scobeați
asculta	ascultăm
despuia	despuiaseră
umple	umpluși
auri	aurind
articula	articulași
nemilos	nemiloase
vulpan	niște vulpani
căsca	căscăm
liniști	liniștii
histologic	histologice
învecina	învecinaseră
eterogen	eterogeni
nimeri	nimerise
încărca	încărcaserăm
injecta	a injecta
transpira	să transpirați
anihila	nu anihila
descăleca	descălecaserăm
vale	vale
urca	să urcăm
sughița	să sughițăm
șopârlă	niște șopârle
iluzie	iluziilor
delăsa	delăsăm
înfrăți	înfrățiseși
vesel	veselul
suveran	suveran
sandviș	unui sandviș
lăți	lățisem
căsca	să căscați
veșmânt	veșmintelor
concentrat	concentraților
alt	alt
măcina	măcinasem
masturba	masturbasem
neanticipat	neanticipatului
întina	întinezi
îndesa	îndesai
găină	găinilor
pulos	puloaselor
comunica	comunicat
căpresc	căpreștii
înfrunzi	înfrunziră
pilot	niște piloți
fraternitate	fraternități
biochimic	biochimicul
pupăză	pupăză
înfige	să înfigi
biserică	bisericile
delicios	deliciosului
încuia	a încuia
construi	să construiești
imposibil	imposibilele
clar	clarului
gâscă	niște gâște
plimba	plimbaserăm
invada	invadară
scula	sculase
întrema	întremam
ultim	ultimul
șchiopa	șchiopați
dezlipi	dezlipiți
răsfăța	răsfață
abdica	să abdicăm
petici	nu peticiți
scăpăra	scăpăraseră
extrage	să extragi
sud-african	sud-africanul
împunge	împunseseră
îmbia	îmbie
peiorativ	niște peiorativi
nuia	nuielelor
dezumfla	umflasem
poștă	poștă
babă	babele
puncta	punctaseși
plic	plicule
înfrâna	să înfrânăm
arunca	aruncarăți
trezi	trezește
vindecător	vindecătorului
dezmânta	dezmântași
aberant	aberante
planta	plantează
netezi	netezesc
înjura	înjuraseși
insista	insistez
ara	ară
mașină	mașină
destinat	destinat
atrage	să atragem
aluneca	alunecaseră
gard	gardurilor
inginerie	inginerii
goli	goliseră
lăbărțat	lăbărțați
arboricultor	arboricultorilor
cufunda	cufundasem
arde	ardem
anonimă	anonimelor
ataca	atacaseși
cufunda	cufundaserăm
măgar	niște măgari
viețui	a viețui
mămică	unei mămici
slugări	slugăream
geografic	geografica
batjocori	batjocorește
tinctura	tincturați
rezistibil	rezistibila
avere	averilor
scump	scumpi
necontestat	necontestatelor
folosi	folosiserăm
iscăli	iscălește
clătina	clătinasem
urs	urșii
aduna	adunam
bacterie	bacterie
dezminți	nu dezmințiți
delirant	deliranților
respingere	respingere
ieftini	să ieftinim
dator	datori
simți	simte
canicular	caniculare
găti	gătirăm
putred	putred
împrejura	să împrejurați
capsula	nu capsulați
bulbuca	bulbucă
încrunta	încruntară
orator	unui orator
făină	făinurile
scula	sculați
cutremura	să cutremure
dezlega	dezlega
atinge	să ating
stingheri	să stingherească
teme	temurăți
înceta	să încet
inflorescență	inflorescență
calculat	calculata
purifica	să purifice
slugări	slugăriseși
sista	sistez
completa	completăm
spăla	nu spălați
masculin	masculin
sfulgera	sfulgeram
gălbinare	gălbinare
pornire	pornirile
părea	părusem
reuși	nu reuși
tehnician	tehnicienilor
cumpăra	cumpărați
încercui	nu încercuiți
vântura	vântură
proba	să probați
strâmba	strâmbaseși
ieși	ieșim
tăios	tăioase
moldovean	indefinite articulation
galfed	galfeda
albinos	albinoasele
planta	plantam
mândri	să mândrească
urcat	urcatei
necontestat	necontestate
reintroduce	reintroducea
curma	curmați
nocturn	nocturnele
târgui	târguia
solar	solarilor
dărâma	dărâmarăm
muta	mutarăți
părăsit	părăsita
ofta	oftați
piston	niște pistoane
prăbuși	prăbușesc
certa	certai
înzestra	înzestrarăm
înverzi	înverzește
lupta	nu lupta
obișnui	obișnuia
asculta	ascultarăți
lumină	lumină
foios	foioșilor
ciocănitoare	unei ciocănitori
harfă	unei harfe
văduvi	văduviseră
târgui	târguii
împlânta	împlântară
chinezoaică	chinezoaică
trimite	să trimiteți
îngheța	înghețaseși
frământa	frământaseră
șterge	a șterge
unghi	unghiule
îngâna	îngâni
interesant	interesantei
tânji	tânjește
tentant	tentante
aplica	aplicați
alt	altul
prăși	prășești
cetățeană	cetățenelor
învenina	înveninează
mesteca	mestecând
râma	râmai
încura	încurarăm
destinat	destinate
păcătui	să păcătuiți
vifor	unui vifor
mărturisi	mărturiseau
licări	licării
adulmeca	nu adulmecați
boci	să bocești
descrie	să descriu
bătrân	bătrânule
central-european	central-europene
mesteca	mestecam
plăcea	să placi
satura	saturând
pingeli	pingelește
trombon	tromboanelor
bârfi	bârfește
atârna	atârnă
pingeli	pingeliserăm
stoarce	stoarceți
mește	mește
vultur	niște vulturi
răpune	răpunea
încuraja	încurajarăm
alcătui	alcătuiți
neuitabil	neuitabilii
nimeri	să nimeresc
puternic	puternicei
puțin	puținii
unilateral	unilateralii
depărta	a depărta
distinge	să distingă
despărți	nu despărți
îmbogăți	să îmbogățesc
piersic	piersicilor
reparabil	reparabile
forfecare	niște forfecări
scufundat	scufundate
urmărire	urmăririle
oposum	oposumilor
pișcot	pișcoturile
oglindi	să oglindim
abandona	să abandonez
țăcăni	țăcănisem
curist	curiștilor
cumineca	cuminecau
disponibilitate	niște disponibilități
învăța	nu învăța
internațional	internaționalii
mișca	mișcași
înșuruba	să înșurubeze
încări	încări
discordie	niște discordii
secera	secerau
studia	studiai
mânea	mâne
venerare	venerărilor
alergie	alergie
opri	opreau
rar	rarul
scurma	scurmarăm
dialectal	dialectalul
amorți	amorțiseră
prevesti	prevestiră
macedoneancă	macedonencelor
rezista	rezistai
cutreiera	cutreierasem
împăra	împărai
îndurera	să îndurerezi
întrista	întristai
suna	nu suna
sumete	sumeteți
fierăstrui	fierăstruiseră
înlătura	înlăturasem
abil	abil
codalb	definite articulation
găsi	găsește
înjura	înjuri
stoarce	storseserăți
râde	să râd
lăcrima	lăcrimaserăm
risca	riscai
înconjura	înconjurați
aduna	nu adunați
botanic	botanice
slăbi	slăbiserăm
skandenberg	skandenberg
joc	jocurilor
egal	indefinite articulation
dărăci	dărăcește
înrăma	să înrămăm
cunoscut	cunoscutele
tristețe	tristețe
luci	luciserăți
desmăța	desmățai
râpă	râpele
gaza	gazasem
putred	putredele
tată	tată
parca	parcaseși
sfătui	sfătuiserăm
deșela	deșelară
treabă	niște treburi
in	inule
călătorie	niște călătorii
îndesa	să îndes
sărbători	nu sărbători
înrudi	să înrudească
roib	roibilor
mârced	mârcede
nemțesc	nemțesc
închega	închegarăm
aprinde	să aprindeți
țăcăni	țăcăneam
integral	integralului
fruct	fructelor
străvedea	străvăzuse
aglomerat	aglomerată
uita	uitaserăți
gând	gândurile
priveghea	priveghează
puți	puțiserăți
îngrijora	îngrijoraseră
îmbia	îmbiați
halucina	să halucinați
rotund	rotunzilor
necuviincios	necuviincioasele
lăcrima	lăcrimai
muta	mută
ivorian	indefinite articulation
mielar	mielarule
mirosi	mirosiți
ieftini	ieftinești
alcoolic	alcoolicilor
asemăna	asemănaserăm
descheia	să deschei
sumete	sumeteai
sinonim	sinonimelor
veșnicie	veșnicie
împerechea	nu împerechea
imbus	imbusurilor
alăpta	alăptai
îndesa	îndesaseși
adverbial	adverbialii
subscrie	nu subscrieți
transcrie	nu transcrieți
unilateral	unilateralei
adormi	să adormi
vântura	vântura
pavăză	pavezele
linge	nu linge
apicultor	apicultorilor
putrezi	putrezisem
mușuroi	mușuroiule
spăla	spălăm
pilota	pilotează
agățat	agățata
insista	insistați
înfrunta	să înfrunte
prevesti	prevestiseră
conține	să conțineți
estima	estimaseși
endoscop	endoscoapele
îndepărta	îndepărtați
adumbri	adumbriseră
toci	tociseși
cerere	cererilor
umbla	umblat
bursuc	bursucilor
blestema	blestemând
mâzgăli	mâzgăleați
copleșitor	copleșitorul
braț	brațule
viril	virila
șuiera	să șuiere
îmbătrâni	îmbătrânind
înspăimânta	nu înspăimânta
beli	beleam
neios	neioasa
adjectiv	adjectivele
presupune	presupui
scălda	scăldaseși
ceacâr	ceacârilor
tresări	nu tresări
îndesa	să îndesăm
alege	alegeau
coti	să cotim
tipări	tipărisem
învinge	învingea
îngusta	a îngusta
distinge	distinge
răguși	răgușesc
răceală	răcelilor
cășuna	cășunam
invizibil	invizibil
peninsulă	peninsulele
refeca	să refecăm
porcușor	porcușorule
transpira	transpiri
deschide	deschis
sudic	sudică
rar	rari
lupta	lupta
îmbulzi	îmbulzisem
exista	existam
căra	cărară
onoare	unei onori
memoriza	să memorizez
spune	spunem
continuu	continuei
soma	somând
picolo	picoloule
înseta	să însetezez
toarce	toarce
purica	puricai
mulțumi	mulțumeau
încuia	încuiau
oraș	orașule
strănuta	nu strănuta
da la muie	dau la muie
asteroid	unui asteroid
leoarbă	leoarbă
cetera	ceteră
auri	nu auri
specificitate	unei specificități
frâna	frânai
împlânta	împlântă
somnoros	somnoroaselor
absorbit	absorbiților
descălța	să descalți
creștin	creștin
bate	să batem
întări	întărise
plivi	pliviră
purcede	să purcedeți
buluci	buluceam
clătina	clătinai
sumete	sumesesem
carne	carne
zbiera	nu zbierați
învălura	învălurează
serios	serioase
refuza	a refuza
scălda	nu scăldați
adumbri	să adumbrim
alfabet	unui alfabet
imputa	imputași
robi	robiră
înfăptui	să înfăptuiesc
vorbăreț	vorbăreții
întrevedea	să întrevezi
deprinde	deprindeai
pluti	plutirăm
înota	înoată
mușca	mușcând
parmezan	niște parmezane
îngrămădi	îngrămădeați
pieptăna	pieptănaserăm
traversa	traversăm
componentă	componentă
socializa	socializând
asurzi	să asurzesc
zice	nu zice
deșteptăciune	deșteptăciunea
nega	să negi
stropi	stropii
ceh	cehilor
hămesi	hămesiți
dur	dure
copia	copia
ataca	atacați
dulău	dulăilor
netezi	nu neteziți
dezice	dezise
curechi	curechiule
săpa	săpam
jindui	jinduit
destrăbăla	destrăbălă
rus	rusul
curma	curmă
dubla	dublează
conține	conțineți
satisface	satisfăceați
împiedica	împiedicaseră
fricos	fricoșii
striga	strigaserăți
undui	să unduiești
părui	păruirăm
gravat	gravate
adăuga	să adauge
nocturn	nocturna
întreba	întrebat
nenumărabil	nenumărabile
înfoca	înfoacă
rotund	rotunde
irita	iritat
urdinare	niște urdinări
prefera	preferam
veșteji	veștejirăm
împăna	împănăm
pricepe	pricepi
cerne	cernui
scrie	scrise
seismograf	niște seismografe
zgâi	a zgâi
perișoară	perișoarelor
împrejmui	împrejmuiseră
încăpățânat	încăpățânat
gospodar	gospodar
rostogoli	rostogoleam
întreba	întrebi
purcede	purcede
română	româna
purica	puricai
scumpi	a scumpi
ejaculator	ejaculatoarelor
principat	unui principat
face	făcut
pictat	pictat
nenoroci	nenorociți
moment	momentule
idee	ideile
tăgădui	tăgăduiserăți
potrivi	potriviți
încărunți	încărunțim
credincios	credincioase
îngrijora	îngrijorezi
arăta	arătând
întinge	întinseră
veșted	veștezilor
argilos	argiloasă
morfologie	morfologie
ruga	roagă
maltrata	maltrataseră
așeza	să așezăm
strungăreață	strungăreață
lega	nu lega
prăjit	prăjiții
treiera	treierau
uimi	să uimească
reteza	retezat
activa	activaseră
fel	felurilor
putea	pot
ședea	ședeți
cartă	cartele
apropia	apropiem
caldarâm	caldarâmurile
fluier	fluierule
induce	induseseră
destupa	destupasem
azvârli	azvârle
aține	aține
dezbina	dezbinai
drăgălaș	drăgălașilor
junghia	a junghia
îmbărbăta	a îmbărbăta
neapărat	neapărați
comanda	comandasem
prânzi	prânziți
îngheța	înghețași
înfuria	nu înfuriați
zbura	zburau
polar	polarilor
documenta	să documentezi
încălța	încălțaserăm
rușina	rușinai
adăuga	adăugaseră
omniprezent	omniprezenții
alanină	unei alanine
înfiripa	înfiripaaserăm
păun	unui păun
emoționa	emoționați
vâna	vânași
portal	portalurile
siberian	siberienilor
antic	anticilor
apăsa	apăsaseși
spurcat	spurcate
băiețaș	niște băiețași
astâmpăra	să astâmpărați
istovi	istovești
lingvistic	lingvistică
lubrifia	să lubrifieze
unge	ungea
șmecherie	șmecheriilor
dubla	dublează
răzbuna	răzbuni
găoază	găoază
молдовенеск	молдовенеск
ciufut	ciufut
anihila	anihilaserăți
îngropa	îngroparăm
excava	excavați
întâmpina	întâmpin
sulfuros	sulfuroși
arnică	niște arnici
comun	comunelor
canicular	caniculară
murdări	murdărirăți
lăcrimos	lăcrimoasele
presupune	presupune
atinge	atinge
bivalent	bivalent
geme	să geamă
adulmeca	adulmecasem
girafă	niște girafe
sexy	sexy
nega	negă
binecuvânta	nu binecuvânta
inimos	inimoasele
peninsulă	peninsulă
polonez	un polonez
măcelar	măcelarilor
expedia	expediați
aprig	aprigului
beli	să belească
exotic	exoticelor
înjunghia	înjunghiarăți
cutreiera	cutreierase
hazliu	hazlii
greși	greșește
înmulți	să înmulțesc
răcni	răcnea
greblă	unei greble
tipări	tipărirăm
moment	niște momente
calculat	calculatul
catran	catranule
elimina	eliminase
rodie	niște rodii
recunoaște	nu recunoașteți
deget	degetelor
deșidera	deșiderase
răsuna	nu răsuna
dezbrăca	dezbrăcași
slang	slangurilor
adumbri	adumbream
tare	tarilor
halucina	să halucinăm
custa	custaserăm
tridimensional	tridimensionalei
mistifica	a mistifica
grăbit	grăbitului
înălțare	înălțările
izbi	izbiserăm
spovedi	să spovedească
geme	gemuseră
îmboldi	să îmboldească
dezlipi	dezlipește
împodobi	împodobiseși
milimetric	milimetrice
sclavă	sclavelor
cărare	cărările
duios	duios
împăca	împăcăm
sul	sulurile
țese	țesea
răzgândi	răzgândeai
vătăma	vătămăm
deșira	să deșirăm
face dragoste	faceam dragoste
puți	puțiți
proporțional	proporționalului
spori	sporiseși
arbore	arborilor
anula	anulează
preistoric	preistoricelor
autobiograf	autobiografilor
înțeles	niște înțelesuri
nimeri	nimeriși
amuza	amuzăm
abil	abile
prinde	prinseseși
inexplicabil	inexplicabilele
asurzi	asurziți
dezrobi	dezrobise
mâneca	mânecând
linguși	lingușit
săgeta	săgetaserăm
înconjura	înconjuri
adia	adiați
coborî	coborâseră
săritură	săriturile
lua în seamă	nu luați în seamă
încumeta	încumetat
mișcător	mișcătoare
îmbogăți	a îmbogăți
străpunge	străpungea
deșira	deșirați
lutos	lutoșii
nădăjdui	nădăjduiseși
elementar	elementarilor
propti	proptiră
strica	stricam
preistorie	preistorie
înghiți	înghițirăți
fel	felurilor
adăpa	să adape
descălța	descălțam
căsători	căsătoriserăm
cuprinde	cuprinseserăți
principal	principale
diastolic	diastolicei
celebra	celebraserăți
venerație	venerația
traversa	traversați
fumega	fumegam
freca	freacă
șopti	șopteați
fi	fusese
cufuri	cufuriserăm
săruta	sărutând
cuptor	niște cuptoare
zbârci	zbârcirăm
scădea	să scadă
gheară	unei gheare
gnostic	gnosticilor
potabilitate	potabilitatea
legăna	legănai
vătăma	nu vătăma
încăleca	încălecat
rula	să ruleze
ocroti	ocrotesc
recunoaște	recunoscură
dezavantaja	dezavantajaseși
întemeia	întemeiază
dezvolta	nu dezvolta
neguros	neguroși
viețui	viețuiește
infix	infixule
revoluție	revoluțiilor
răsfira	răsfir
stimula	stimulaseră
caldarâm	caldarâmurilor
ostilitate	niște ostilități
prevesti	prevestiseși
refeca	refeci
răsfăța	răsfățam
nădăjdui	nădăjduiți
scădea	scădea
auri	să auresc
pisa	pisași
fierăstrui	fierăstruiești
caiman	caimanilor
concavitate	unei concavități
țară	țărilor
alpaca	alpaca
fundaș	fundașilor
îmbuna	îmbunăm
conteni	să contenești
iapă	iepelor
licări	licăreai
adormi	adormisem
întreprinde	să întreprindă
striga	să strige
umili	umilit
rânced	râncede
abdica	abdicând
drege	dresei
lutos	lutoasei
vindecător	vindecătorii
păta	pătau
libera	liberai
sorbi	sorbirăți
murmura	murmurară
trăncăni	nu trăncăni
preveni	prevenim
sufla	suflaserăm
învolt	învolți
pava	pavarăți
socoti	socotește
prescrie	prescrisei
pătimi	pătimeai
sinistru	sinistră
împreuna	împreunarăți
ascuns	ascunșii
izgoni	izgoni
înfunda	înfundam
supune	supuseserăm
umple	umplurăm
publicitate	publicitate
îngeresc	îngerescul
cumpăni	cumpăneați
supune	supun
veșteji	nu veșteji
folosi	folosirăți
română	română
încetini	încetisem
descânta	descântați
anteră	unei antere
nenorocit	nenorocitul
iederă	iederelor
descrie	a descrie
însărcina	însărcinaserăm
delăsa	să delas
linge	lingeați
întâlni	întâlneam
purta	poartă
pava	pavaseră
stindard	stindardule
înjura	înjurăm
bolnav	bolnave
cântări	cântăriți
pilota	să piloteze
roti	rotea
orchestral	orchestral
admira	admirând
buluci	bulucirăți
răcni	să răcnească
satura	saturară
domn	domnilor
mojar	mojarelor
înverzi	înverzeai
retrage	să retrag
canadian	un canadian
scutura	scuturară
plăcut	plăcută
țărănime	țărănimii
dezmânta	dezmânta
colan	colanele
cufunda	cufundați
rămâne	rămăsei
cufuri	a cufuri
cârciumă	cârciumile
închis	închisa
vulpoaică	vulpoaicelor
străvechi	străvechilor
preoți	să preoțesc
zahăr	zahăr
cocoș	niște cocoși
șantajistă	șantajistele
vântura	vânturase
omogen	omogenă
castra	să castreze
zice	ziceau
umfla	umflai
prăda	prădară
bloca	blochezi
amestecat	amestecați
împlini	a împlini
spaghetă	spaghetelor
înjunghia	să înjunghie
roade	rod
nevăzut	nevăzutul
necuviincios	necuviincioși
deszice	desziceți
termina	să termini
păduche	păduchilor
parazitar	parazitarul
însoți	însoții
spori	sporiserăți
ironic	ironica
tăgădui	tăgăduiați
staul	staulelor
returna	returnară
despica	despicați
maus	niște mausuri
saluta	salutară
masiv	masivelor
fertilitate	fertilități
prinde	prinde
merge	merg
confrunta	confruntarăm
sfătui	sfătuiesc
sfătui	sfătui
împăca	să împăcați
urla	urlați
nemeritat	nemeritatului
intranzitiv	intranzitive
sări	sări
funcționa	funcționăm
stimula	nu stimulați
aprinde	aprins
organizație	niște organizații
licurici	niște licurici
saxofon	niște saxofoane
ezita	ezitam
prăjit	prăjite
batjocori	batjocorești
tunde	tunzând
înverzi	să înverziți
băga	băgarăți
dumnezeiesc	dumnezeieștile
sărbători	sărbătorit
dirigui	să diriguiască
căsca	căscând
munci	să munciți
socoti	socotim
înconjura	înconjurarăm
înverșuna	înverșunasem
verb	niște verbe
turti	turteam
ciclist	ciclistă
scuipa	scuipat
jachetă	niște jachete
toxic	toxicelor
resursă	resurselor
olivă	olivele
simulare	simulările
depăra	deperi
calculator	calculatoarelor
înghesui	înghesuiți
lucra	lucrau
deșira	deșirăm
zbârci	zbârcind
deranja	să deranjați
transatlantic	transatlanticii
căuta	căutați
comanda	comandi
încerca	încercară
mușca	mușcă
interesant	interesantele
îmbogăți	nu îmbogăți
umbros	umbroaselor
cheie	unei chei
rătăci	rătăcisem
cerca	cercam
împăduri	împădurirăm
blestem	unui blestem
grăbi	grăbeam
întoarce	întoarserăm
anatomic	anatomicei
orhidee	unei orhidee
apune	apuseserăți
descoperire	niște descoperiri
spart	sparta
rododendron	rododendronii
baltic	balticului
năpârcă	niște năpârci
înnoi	să înnoiesc
pătrar	pătrarelor
ciopli	să cioplească
dărâma	dărâmaseși
ser	serurile
sașiu	sașiilor
peți	pețit
acuzat	acuzatei
crăpa	crăpa
libera	nu libera
orz	orzurilor
proporție	proporțiilor
homosexualitate	homosexualității
adia	să adie
pom	niște pomi
pofti	să poftească
trăda	trădarăm
omenos	omenoșii
bătrân	indefinite articulation
perversitate	perversitățile
castravete	castraveților
tenta	tentați
comunism	comunism
greu	greaua
bibliotecă	bibliotecilor
accidental	accidentala
celebra	celebrează
sugruma	sugrumă
bloca	să blocăm
frizer	unui frizer
undui	unduiau
sărbători	sărbătorii
ospătar	ospătarii
bestial	bestială
fiert	fierți
vântura	vânturai
apărea	apărui
internațional	internaționalilor
unghi	niște unghiuri
femeiesc	femeiești
defaimă	defaimă
gros	groasa
scumpi	scumpeai
reteza	să retezați
boxer	boxerilor
scabie	scabie
îmbogăți	îmbogățiseși
întoarce	întorceau
vagin	niște vagine
tremura	tremurați
cotropi	cotropi
supt	supți
potrivi	potrivii
iudaism	iudaismul
structurat	structuratul
povârni	povârniși
clarifica	clarificați
protolimbă	niște protolimbi
mărgini	mărgini
feminin	femininei
untos	untosul
porunci	poruncesc
dezmierda	dezmierdau
mielar	niște mielari
mărinimos	mărinimoasele
fluvial	fluvială
alege	a alege
alcătui	să alcătuiești
cutie	cutie
mește	meșteați
spuma	spumând
tărăgăna	tărăgănarăți
bestial	bestial
lămuri	lămurirăți
cimpanzeu	cimpanzeule
central-european	central-europenelor
funda	fundaseși
obliga	obligarăți
șovar	șovarilor
dirigui	diriguiam
clătina	clătinau
despica	despicând
atent	atente
mărgini	mărginea
coopera	cooperează
transatlantic	transatlantic
dezrobi	să dezrobească
lasciv	lascivi
sfulgera	nu sfulgera
închina	să închin
pescăruș	niște pescăruși
pubertate	pubertate
materialist	un materialist
puți	puțiseră
scutura	scutura
ucis	uciselor
împerechea	împerechearăți
amar	amari
siberian	indefinite articulation
înnoi	a înnoi
fumuriu	fumuriu
adia	adiasem
socoti	să socotească
CD	niște CD-uri
declara	declarați
mărturisi	mărturisiși
legăna	legănai
unsuros	unsuroasa
spinteca	spintecă
glonț	gloanțele
conduce	conduserăm
aerisi	aerisise
puncta	punctasem
deschide	să deschideți
indiferent	indiferenții
poștal	poștalii
cocostârc	cocostârcule
reîmpădurire	reîmpădurire
șubred	șubrede
închina	închinaseși
lungi	să lungiți
sferic	sferic
adăuga	adăugam
elimina	nu eliminați
frasin	unui frasin
dăuna	dăunează
domn	domnilor
șopti	șopteam
dureros	dureroase
misterios	misterioaselor
alchină	niște alchine
depăna	depănasem
prăda	prădă
deșira	deșirarăm
răsfira	răsfiram
fraged	fragedului
spuma	spumarăm
bucura	bucuraserăți
boteza	botezam
rând	rândurilor
învolbura	învolburai
părea	părem
livadă	livezilor
scămos	scămoasele
asuda	asudă
iubire	iubirile
valah	valahe
bloca	blocase
uz	niște uzuri
nodos	nodoase
cadavru	cadavrelor
aerisi	aerisiserăți
râpă	râpelor
imperial	imperialii
frustrare	unei frustrări
sinistru	sinistre
nutri	nu nutri
argintiu	argintii
imputa	să imput
înnopta	înnoptezi
înlătura	înlăturam
croi	croirăm
forța	să forțați
funcție	funcțiilor
enorm	enormele
celuloză	celuloză
amuți	să amuțesc
reteza	nu reteza
vlăgui	să vlăguim
încorpora	încorporăm
tâmpi	a tâmpi
amesteca	amestecat
îndopa	îndopai
strica	stricasem
spinteca	spintecând
îmbărbăta	îmbărbătează
clinică	niște clinici
potrivi	potriviși
închega	închegaserăți
umple	să umple
vulgar	vulgară
simboliza	să simbolizeze
prost	proștilor
murmura	murmurați
futere	unei futeri
nat	naților
înțelept	unor înțelepți
brav	bravi
majorat	majorat
catastrofic	catastroficelor
senin	seninelor
rugi	rugesc
descărca	nu descărca
legăna	legeni
apărea	apăruserăți
păros	păroase
păpa	păpați
despărți	despart
vioiciune	vioiciunii
relativitate	niște relativități
desfășa	desfășasem
cronometrare	niște cronometrări
apos	apoase
asemăna	asemeni
auzi	aud
scrupulozitate	scrupulozități
spânzura	spânzurând
întrevedea	întrevăzură
închis	închisă
coșmar	coșmarurilor
încărca	încărcați
beli	belind
calculat	calculatului
eronat	eronații
înfăptui	să înfăptuiești
declara	declarasem
purcede	să purcedă
mănușă	niște mănuși
piersica	piersicară
neglija	neglijai
sațietate	sațietate
înnegura	să înnegurați
vedea	vedeam
borî	borât
endoscop	endoscopule
stricat	stricatelor
pricepe	pricepând
creștin	creștine
arogant	arogante
urca	urcară
liniști	nu liniștiți
socializa	socializăm
hali	să halească
admira	admiraserăți
ofta	oftaseși
tins	tinși
îneca	înecând
interveni	să interveniți
acoperământ	acoperămintele
nimici	nimicește
bleg	blegului
presupune	presupuseserăți
aplica	nu aplica
căpăta	capătă
încuraja	încurajai
strajă	niște străji
soporifer	soporiferele
prăji	prăjeam
acuza	acuză
șerbi	șerbea
intui	intuiați
îndrăzni	îndrăznisem
complet	complete
observant	observant
fractura	nu fractura
argintiu	argintiu
delăsa	delasă
friguros	friguroasă
cerc	cercule
vătăma	vătămaserăți
lăsa	lăsați
nutri	nutrești
nimeri	nimeresc
controla	controlăm
distruge	distruseseră
despărți	despărțiserăți
rugini	ruginiși
îndupleca	înduplecaserăm
compatriot	compatrioților
undui	unduind
comunica	nu comunica
cununa	cununăm
învinge	să învingi
răsuna	răsunaseră
catastrofic	catastrofic
cosmic	cosmică
neglija	neglijați
repauza	repauzarăm
absorbi	absorbit
holba	holbam
integrabil	integrabilului
arăta	arată
trăda	trădați
traversa	să traversez
linge	linsei
muri	mureați
delăsa	delas
organizație	organizațiilor
putrezi	putrezesc
luci	luciseră
masiv	masivului
bara	baraserăm
șuiera	șuieraserăți
risipi	să risipim
crăpa	crăpați
azvârli	să azvârle
invita	să invit
luminos	luminoasele
pensulă	pensulele
desmânta	desmântară
încăleca	încălecaseși
neguros	neguros
clădi	clădeați
deszice	desziceam
declina	declinase
împușca	împușcă
prefera	preferară
fierăstrui	fierăstruiseși
cord	cordule
sărbători	să sărbătorești
brazilian	brazilianului
cânta	să cânt
vântura	vânturai
dovedi	dovedim
fierar	fierarilor
împrejura	împrejuraseși
apuca	să apucăm
beli	nu beliți
păta	pătează
păduchios	păduchioasă
cerb	cerbilor
adopta	să adopți
neprevizibil	neprevizibilelor
fixa	să fixez
jachetă	unei jachete
șopti	șoptii
socializa	socializară
ospăta	ospătam
contopi	contopirăm
culege	culeseserăm
depăna	depănat
ierna	să ierneze
răpune	răpun
mărgini	mărginiși
dezgust	dezgust
acrime	acrimea
căsători	căsătoreai
păcură	păcură
declina	declina
mura	murează
ieftini	ieftinim
zmeură	zmeură
hrăni	hrănesc
desprinde	desprindeți
încheia	încheiau
sfârtica	sfârtică
sfecli	sfecliți
copleși	copleșiseși
încrunta	încrunta
alcătui	alcătuiserăm
păstra	păstrezi
iubire	iubirilor
visa	visam
flexibil	flexibile
belea	belelelor
trist	triste
surprinzător	surprinzători
brazdă	unei brazde
rusesc	rusescul
dărăci	să dărăcesc
amuți	amuțeam
cădea	să cazi
diminua	diminuai
îngusta	îngustară
netezi	neteziți
șușui	șușuit
ezita	ezitaserăm
moașă	moașele
frumusețe	frumusețile
filamentos	filamentoși
înlesni	înlesnind
termina	terminam
integral	integralele
turba	turbați
decide	decisesem
utiliza	utilizând
statistic	statisticului
veșnic	veșnică
măselariță	măselarițelor
prezice	nu preziceți
scriere	scrierilor
lucrător	lucrătorul
pierde	să pierdem
menține	menținuserăm
vinde	vândurăți
taifun	taifunurilor
îngrășa	să îngrașe
dezgustător	dezgustătoare
porni	pornise
tremura	tremuri
șofran	unui șofran
înfuleca	înfulecați
ocroti	ocrotesc
masturba	nu masturba
vărgat	vărgați
congela	congelasem
încărca	încărcați
arșiță	unei arșițe
scrotal	scrotal
clătina	clătinăm
sufleca	suflecam
dator	datorul
pedepsi	să pedepsească
puți	puțiră
cronic	cronicelor
prânz	prânzurilor
perfect	perfectului
rătăci	rătăcii
sfătui	să sfătuiască
conduce	să conduceți
cronologie	cronologiilor
tunde	tunse
strâmt	strâmta
asculta	ascultași
bășica	să bășice
proba	probați
muri	mori
plimba	să plimbe
exagera	nu exagerați
crea	să creăm
încălța	încălțați
vărsa	vărsase
gâmba	gâmbam
timonier	timonierilor
preoți	să preoțești
înșuruba	înșurubați
încercui	să încercuiască
activa	activează
lega	legăm
conveni	convii
uman	un uman
visa	visând
maimuță	maimuțele
adăsta	adăști
pătimi	să pătimiți
acoperit	acoperitele
rusesc	ruseștii
imagina	să imaginăm
chefal	niște chefali
sugruma	sugrum
ascuns	ascunselor
ofta	oftarăm
nevăzut	nevăzutele
îmblânzi	îmblânzirăm
animație	animațiile
rezema	rezemarăm
descoperi	descopeream
înfășura	înfășură
reparabil	reparabil
gutui	gutuii
răni	să rănească
ospăta	ospătaseși
ispită	unei ispite
încetini	să încetim
aciua	aciuam
elimina	eliminaseși
țese	țesurăți
risca	riscat
mândri	mândrești
auzi	auzeam
împuți	să împuțim
putrezi	să putrezească
ațipi	ațipiserăm
amesteca	amestecaserăți
dumica	dumicaseră
slang	unui slang
animalitate	animalității
răci	răcești
umbla	umblară
oripila	oripilați
gravitație	gravitație
zbate	zbătusem
femeiesc	femeieasca
dinamic	dinamice
inflamabil	inflamabil
neerlandez	neerlandezului
avorta	să avortați
ispiti	ispitesc
răsfăța	răsfățai
închina	închinau
încrunta	să încruntăm
strajă	străjile
dezumfla	umflă
anatomic	anatomicelor
contraveni	să contravin
trufie	unei trufii
expedia	a expedia
astâmpăra	astâmpăraseră
ejacula	ejacula
tuși	nu tușiți
onora	nu onorați
deșira	deșiraserăm
aștepta	așteptarăm
sări	săreați
soție	soțiilor
domn	niște domni
pieptăna	pieptănam
fluiera	fluieram
înlesni	să înlesnești
clădi	să clădească
genitiv	genitivelor
secundă	secundelor
real	reale
brazdă	brazdă
lugubru	lugubrul
astâmpăra	astâmpără
liliac	liliecilor
credincios	credincioși
versiune	versiunilor
iertat	iertații
înnoi	înnoiși
asin	unui asin
inexplicabil	inexplicabili
înviora	înviorați
gusta	gustai
talcioc	niște talciocuri
cânta	cântaserăți
alotropic	alotropici
deșidera	deșideraserăți
somnoros	somnoroși
mira	miră
controla	controlam
proteja	să protejezi
libidinos	libidinoase
gheară	ghearelor
învăța	învățați
uimi	uimeai
strica	să stricăm
pasa	să pasați
relua	reluați
spuzi	spuzeai
dur	duri
veșnic	veșnice
oblic	oblici
înfrăți	înfrăți
acvilă	acvilele
gras	gras
sturz	sturzii
ispiti	să ispitească
puțoi	puțoilor
prietenos	prietenoșilor
îmbina	îmbinaseră
dezvoltat	dezvoltați
râde	nu râdeți
deveni	devino
îndeletnici	îndeletnicisem
înfoca	înfocarăți
prăsi	prăsesc
varicelă	unei varicele
cădea	căzurăți
rade	rade
încununa	încununară
vizita	vizitat
cântări	cântăreați
anal	anale
fi	erau
șuiera	șuierară
strănuta	strănutau
îmbulzi	să îmbulziți
surpa	surpasem
controla	controlați
înfrâna	înfrânați
necongelat	necongelatelor
scăpa	să scape
batjocori	batjocorisem
accelera	accelerau
blând	blândele
grăsun	grăsunule
preveni	preveniră
mort	mort
anula	să anulăm
bisericos	bisericoasele
licări	licărind
șchiopa	șchiopai
suficiență	suficiență
împăna	nu împănați
inexplicabil	inexplicabilul
sărbători	sărbătoreau
sfecli	a sfecli
nejudecat	nejudecate
mișto	mișto
umăr	umerilor
pregeta	pregeta
desprinde	să desprinzi
răsufla	răsuflă
îmbuna	îmbuna
frunte	frunte
dezbina	dezbinaserăți
apune	să apună
consta	constând
rostogoli	rostogoli
baschet	niște bascheți
rula	rulă
răpune	să răpună
hiberna	hibernară
ocroti	ocrotirăți
istovi	istovise
încări	să încărim
lărgi	lărgește
încura	încurau
mângâia	mângâiaseră
desface	desfăceam
bețiv	definite articulation
anina	aninară
acuza	acuză
trânti	trântit
îneca	înecasem
desmăța	desmăț
împuți	împuțiseră
cerceta	să cercetezi
crucifica	crucificaseră
îngrămădi	îngrămădiseră
calculator	calculatorule
dicta	dictează
izgoni	izgoneau
grotă	grotele
compune	compuseserăți
penar	penarule
rezema	rezemați
sexualitate	sexualitatea
număra	să numere
dragoste	dragostele
amorți	nu amorțiți
râma	râmă
dispune	să dispunem
respira	să respire
nun	nunii
nereal	nerealei
fluiera	fluierai
acuzativ	niște acuzative
cuptor	cuptorule
adjectiv	adjectivelor
uimi	să uimești
rechin	niște rechini
rezista	rezistase
tăbăci	tăbăciseră
ironizator	ironizatorule
orchestră	orchestrelor
pripi	pripeau
deloga	să deloghez
vindecător	vindecătorul
pedepsi	pedepsește
vâscos	vâscos
răsturna	răsturnând
strugure	strugure
scutura	să scuturi
uda	udaserăți
spune	spui
agățat	agățatul
florar	florarii
soporific	soporificului
borî	borăști
ivorian	definite articulation
îmbogăți	să îmbogățiți
avansa	avansați
forfoti	nu forfoti
sfâșia	sfâșiem
umbla	umblase
zburda	zburdaseră
istovi	istoviserăm
frământa	nu frământa
împăra	împărarăți
forfoti	să forfotești
atârna	atârnă
aplauda	aplaudam
alchimic	alchimic
mlaștină	mlaștinilor
siberian	siberienilor
spirit	spiritelor
făină	unei făini
reduce	reduceți
cântări	cântărise
bulbuca	bulbucaserăți
preistorie	preistorii
aplauda	aplaudați
castel	castelelor
hiberna	hibernaseră
zariște	unei zariști
pupa	pupăm
ceață	cețurilor
ducere	ducerilor
geme	gemeam
întreba	întrebase
oca	ocalele
aduna	adun
îmboldi	să îmboldească
lăsa	lasă
naște	naște
ornat	ornați
deism	deismule
asistat	asistatul
menține	menținuseși
bezmetic	bezmetici
filmuleț	filmulețule
monoaxial	monoaxial
înțeles	înțelesul
lung	lungul
potrivi	nu potrivi
sluji	slujește
momi	să momească
judeca	judecă
jurare	jurare
amorți	amorțeam
spori	sporeau
soacră	unei soacre
suspensor	suspensorului
meriză	merizelor
scula	sculau
asuda	asudai
stânjeni	stânjenirăți
face labă	făcut labă
fărâma	fărâmam
distinge	a distinge
pungaș	pungașii
da jos	să dau jos
orezărie	niște orezării
prinț	unui prinț
refeca	refecăm
scobi	scobea
pica	picași
taină	tainelor
ruina	ruinaserăți
lăbărțat	lăbărțatului
pătimi	nu pătimiți
sec	seci
boteza	botez
lega	legam
săra	sărez
împuți	împuțiră
depărta	depărtați
plimba	plimbași
șchiopăta	șchiopătase
planta	plantez
îndrăzni	îndrăzniserăți
înrădăcina	înrădăcinez
român	indefinite articulation
uimi	uimiți
dizolva	dizolvaseși
inexprimabil	inexprimabilelor
prăji	prăjeau
încorona	încoronat
îmboldi	îmboldirăți
aduna	adunați
crucifica	crucificau
bont	boantei
înfoca	înfocai
fierbinte	fierbintele
deszice	desziceți
iubi	să iubească
interesa	interesă
sfecli	sfeclea
anatomic	anatomicele
clarifica	nu clarificați
văduvi	să văduvesc
venera	venerase
obține	obține
iluzie	unei iluzii
tatuaj	tatuajele
inseparabil	inseparabil
ser	serurilor
implica	implicăm
scoace	scoceam
înnoda	să înnoade
pian	pianule
bețiv	indefinite articulation
slovac	slovacii
geme	gemuserăm
binecuvânta	binecuvântezi
paliditate	paliditate
veneric	venerice
transcrie	transcrii
tăia	tăiat
mângâia	mângâiai
conveni	convenirăm
crampon	crampoanelor
anatemă	anatemele
distruge	distrugeam
batjocori	să batjocoresc
impune	impuseseși
visa	visează
cruzime	cruzimilor
bucureștean	bucureșteanule
scurge	scurseseră
supranațional	supranațional
plânge	să plângă
fractura	fracturând
mișca	mișcă
secera	secerase
nechibzuit	nechibzuiților
mătura	măturați
înjura	înjur
tinctura	tincturai
lega	legați
murmura	murmură
meticulozitate	meticulozitate
sfârtica	sfârticară
pupăză	pupezele
plăcut	plăcute
cumnat	cumnatule
adora	adoraserăm
reintroduce	reintroduc
cetățean	cetățeanule
depăna	nu depănați
introductiv	introductive
strămuta	strămutai
corci	corceam
înfiripa	să înfiripaezi
descoperi	descoperă
necunoscut	necunoscută
iscăli	nu iscăliți
macac	niște macaci
strâmta	strâmtează
accesibilitate	accesibilitate
deplinătate	deplinătatea
desculța	desculța
sufruncea	sufruncelelor
zice	să zică
încărunți	nu încărunți
refractometrie	refractometrii
găsi	să găsești
oniric	onirică
viroză	virozele
perfect	perfecți
legăna	leagănă
îngheța	înghețau
smulge	smulgeți
încheia	încheind
contopi	să contopească
însufleți	însuflețeai
zgâria	zgâriași
excela	excelaseră
rusesc	rusească
înfrâna	înfrânează
elimina	nu elimina
risca	să riște
cumineca	cuminecam
ajunge la majorat	ajungeam la majorat
luced	lucedă
cearceaf	cearceafule
inflamabil	inflamabilă
înfoia	înfoaie
veninos	veninosul
împroprietări	împroprietării
gros	groase
mânia	mânii
scuipa	nu scuipați
comunica	comunicai
exterior	exteriorului
amabil	amabilelor
screme	screm
pornografie	unei pornografii
explica	explici
propti	proptim
microbiologic	microbiologicilor
puroi	unui puroi
galvanizat	galvanizati
invada	invadezi
plimba	plimbaseră
aior	unui aior
mulge	să mulg
seduce	seduceți
ezita	să eziti
jaguar	jaguarilor
nimici	a nimici
central-european	central-european
cuteza	cutezat
împrospăta	prospăta
broască	broaștelor
mesteca	mestecați
osos	osoase
găinărie	găinăriile
sorti	să sortiți
furnica	furnica
dăuna	dăunasem
președinte	președinților
tanrec	tanrecule
prăpădi	prăpădiseși
fixa	să fixeze
atinge	atingeți
vargă	unei vergi
conduce	conduseseși
omnipotent	omnipotente
înșira	înșira
augura	augurară
regesc	regeștile
stimul	stimulii
uda	udam
comporta	comportaserăți
râde	râdeam
nebuni	nebuneau
beli	să beliți
vînt	vînturile
furnică	niște furnici
cromozom	cromozomilor
descălța	descalță
vorbitor	vorbitorule
tătic	tăticii
răscula	a răscula
petală	petalelor
pornografic	pornografice
desmăța	să desmețe
ațâța	ațâțară
unidirecțional	unidirecționalelor
delimita	nu delimita
măiestru	măiestrei
apăsa	să apăs
prăpădi	prăpădesc
adora	adorați
ataca	atacaseră
brăzda	să brăzez
vrăji	vrăjiserăm
producere	producerile
cioban	ciobanii
sughița	sughițaseși
filamentos	filamentosului
irlandez	irlandezii
nevăzut	nevăzutei
dezuni	dezuniseși
sulfuros	sulfurosul
inunda	inundase
conține	să conțină
străbate	să străbați
încerca	încercau
ruptură	rupturile
senzualitate	senzualitate
furtună	niște furtuni
harbuz	harbuzule
lăbar	unui lăbar
curma	curmai
bloca	să blocheze
domn	domnii
asigura	asigurați
scărmăna	scărmănați
vaccina	vaccinează
deranja	deranjaserăm
croi	croiră
fierăstrui	fierăstruiesc
părui	păruind
renova	a renova
Bucovina	Bucovină
critic	critice
răzbuna	răzbunați
extinde	extinseserăți
înseta	însetezară
jupui	a jupui
căsători	căsătorit
rebeliune	rebeliunile
italian	unui italian
activa	activam
complex	complexă
înrâuri	înrâurind
prânzi	să prânzesc
doină	doinelor
desiș	desișule
ocroti	ocrotiți
tătic	niște tătici
săruta	sărutau
ajun	ajunule
căuta	căutai
sinucide	sinucidem
anatomic	anatomic
jena	jenați
vizualizare	vizualizărilor
flexibilitate	flexibilitatea
subsonic	subsonice
nădăjdui	să nădăjduiesc
trandafiriu	trandafirii
turti	să turtească
migdală	migdalele
culege	culegeau
învecina	să învecinați
aluneca	a aluneca
stimă	stimă
capitula	nu capitula
limpede	limpezi
risc	niște riscuri
cerca	cercase
formidabil	formidabilele
delimita	să delimiteze
experimentat	experimentatului
plâns	definite articulation
porunci	poruncisem
mână	unei mâini
trăsni	trăsnind
dăuna	dăunaseși
estonian	indefinite articulation
respira	respirați
zbici	zbicirăm
viețui	viețuim
adaptabilitate	adaptabilității
dicționar	dicționarule
liliac	liliecii
vrăji	vrăjise
cicloidă	cicloidelor
vorbă	vorbelor
ieși	ieșiți
popou	popourilor
plămân	niște plămâni
mătura	măturăm
prăbuși	prăbușeați
tatua	tatuași
înflori	înflorea
inar	inarilor
accelera	accelerez
zăcea	zac
fum	unui fum
stradă	niște străzi
satura	să saturez
constrânge	constrânseserăm
asimila	nu asimila
tunde	tunseserăm
linx	linxule
singur	singure
jura	să jurați
ramură	unei ramuri
împiedica	împiedicaserăm
general	generalilor
fain	fainelor
ajuna	să ajunați
histologic	histologice
dizolva	nu dizolva
leșina	leșinară
muzical	muzicalilor
adânci	adâncisem
strat	stratule
retrage	retrageți
trage	trageam
ucenic	unui ucenic
gaiță	gaițele
răboji	răbojește
încânta	nu încânta
bleg	bleagă
salva	salvez
organ	organele
gata	gata
îngâna	îngânam
încărca	încarci
codobatură	codobaturilor
străbate	străbătând
narcotiza	narcotizară
încurca	încurcase
adulmeca	adulmecai
răzleți	să răzlețească
tiran	unui tiran
răsturna	să răstorni
batjocori	batjocorim
dezavantaja	dezavantajai
mește	mescuserăți
înota	înotasem
deplasa	deplasași
adicție	adicțiile
sufoca	sufocă
capitula	nu capitulați
cumpăra	cumpărau
hămesi	hămesește
subția	subțiasem
trăda	trădat
încheia	încheiară
nor	niște nori
suspensor	suspensoare
regicid	regicidule
astupa	astuparăm
spiritual	spirituale
spumega	spumegaserăți
putred	putredă
compune	compusei
stabili	nu stabiliți
dormi	dorm
nejudecat	nejudecatul
locui	nu locuiți
rostogoli	să rostogolească
încăpea	încăpeați
sumete	să sumetem
zebră	zebrele
accesibil	accesibililor
împunge	împunsei
nearticulat	nearticulata
ghici	ghicește
șușui	șușui
conjuga	conjugaserăți
fereca	ferecaserăți
zbor	zborurilor
transpira	transpiraserăți
suci	sucirăm
adversar	unui adversar
potrivi	potriveați
îngheța	înghețat
reține	reținusem
brici	niște brice
peristaltic	peristaltice
scuza	scuzară
sfeșnic	sfeșnicele
explicativ	explicativelor
curăța	curățam
satura	saturaseși
plictiseală	unei plictiseli
pava	pavară
celebra	celebrez
minge	mingilor
întreține	întreținurăm
instant	instanta
cresta	crestau
holba	holbași
păstra	nu păstra
slugări	slugăreați
exista	existasem
încadra	încadrează
fain	fainele
celuloză	unei celuloze
fractura	fracturează
înjura	înjură
imos	imosul
bont	boantelor
cântăreț	cântărețule
mulțumi	mulțumim
strămuta	strămutați
inunda	inundă
descuia	descuiarăți
încări	încăresc
sătul	sătula
cântări	cântăream
obez	obeză
căpăta	să capete
lăcrima	lăcrimară
distila	distilăm
întrerupe	întrerupseși
inel	inelelor
spaniol	spaniolii
spânzura	spânzuraseși
deșira	deșiră
abataj	abatajule
porunci	porunciți
ilegal	ilegal
cercel	unui cercel
urdina	urdinați
întărâta	întărâtați
musculos	musculoși
zbura	zbura
înlocui	înlocuiam
clătina	să clatine
tâmpi	tâmpiși
curătură	curăturile
civiliza	civiizaseră
calitate	calităților
sat	satelor
bour	bourii
sugruma	sugrumasem
urzi	urzeai
inestetic	inestetic
împăduri	împăduri
nostalgic	nostalgicul
lăsat	lăsate
studia	studiem
țintirim	țintirimule
venin	unui venin
narcotiza	narcotizați
coti	cotiseși
murseca	mursecai
plâns	plânsule
insidios	insidioasele
pocni	pocni
neutru	neutrii
încununa	să încunune
ponegri	ponegreați
distruge	distrugeați
fi	fuseserăm
urî	urai
nominal	nominale
astupa	astupă
tăbăci	tăbăcesc
slăvi	slăviseră
răsufla	nu răsuflați
vinde	vându
cuminți	cumințeam
sparge	spărgeam
tatua	tatuam
irita	să iritați
nerușinat	nerușinatul
gâdila	să gâdile
vipt	vipturilor
scânci	scâncii
închipui	închipuiam
înfășa	să înfeși
pingeli	a pingeli
molid	molizilor
introductiv	introductiv
delăsa	să delase
inexplicabil	inexplicabilelor
grăi	grăiesc
ținti	să țintesc
ținti	țintiseși
britanic	britanică
păta	pătând
acuza	acuzași
urca	urcarăți
fript	fripte
canicular	caniculari
cerși	cerșiră
subția	subțiarăm
vopsi	a vopsi
căca	cacă
tulbura	tulburat
înfrâna	înfrânați
muntos	muntoși
plăti	plăti
nevastă	nevastă
continental	continentala
fuma	fumează
propune	propuneam
roși	roșeai
intui	intuiește
gândi	gândise
molid	molidule
desmânta	desmântam
piersică	unei piersici
întâmpina	întâmpinam
spurcat	spurcatul
mijloci	mijlocesc
spovedi	spovedește
distractiv	distractiv
dezminți	dezmințește
mintal	mintalul
înspăimânta	a înspăimânta
abandona	abandonez
sugruma	să sugrumi
înfunda	să înfunde
inutil	inutililor
cinsti	cinstesc
anula	anulară
omorî	omorâse
discordie	discordiilor
spate	spatelor
fereca	ferecaseră
priveghea	să privegheați
îngreuna	îngreunaseră
școlăriță	școlărițele
australian	definite articulation
crin	unui crin
rece	recele
injecta	injectași
stabilitate	stabilitate
citi	citiserăm
cununa	cununam
trăi	să trăiești
spin	spinilor
pătimi	să pătimesc
tată	tații
zănatic	zănatici
distracție	distracțiilor
impune	impune
ucide	ucideai
erotic	eroticei
alotropic	alotropică
socoti	socotirăți
ejacula	ejaculat
sfătui	sfătuise
distila	distila
neguța	să neguțezi
grăsime	grăsime
tâmpi	tâmpiră
utilizator	utilizatorule
copleșitor	copleșitorii
puținătate	puținătăți
bălțat	bălțat
scobi	scobind
deretica	dereticam
muced	mucedele
trist	triștilor
holba	holbează
religios	religioaselor
asuda	să asuzi
portofel	portofelele
observa	observaserăți
atom	unui atom
cădea	căzuseși
viteză	unei viteze
echilibra	echilibrăm
viață	viață
face	fac
măslină	măslinelor
apărea	apar
bulbuca	bulbucarăți
modifica	modificat
descuia	să descuie
ceh	unor cehi
stimula	stimulase
culege	să culeagă
depăna	să deapăn
prieten	unui prieten
răcni	nu răcni
zgomotos	zgomotoșii
descăleca	nu descăleca
scurma	scurmasem
chițăi	chițăiserăm
împrumuta	să împrumutăm
sugaci	niște sugaci
răsturna	nu răsturna
respira	respirai
sărătură	unei sărături
aține	aținuserăm
rostogoli	rostogolește
futabil	futabile
vamal	vamală
virgulă	virgulă
trăi	trăiți
închega	închegai
exterior	exterioara
pica	să pice
despune	despus
baza	bazasem
împerechea	împereche
sugruma	sugrumase
sărat	săratelor
apropo	apropourilor
cuprinde	cuprinzi
emoționa	emoționai
grăbit	grăbite
meriza	merizam
răbda	rabdă
împodobi	împodobirăm
buc	unui buc
intra	nu intrați
supăra	să supăr
scurge	să scurgeți
gravita	gravitează
păstra	păstrați
elimina	eliminarăți
înfrunzi	înfrunziserăți
zbura	zburați
înfăptui	înfăptuiesc
aiura	aiurați
religie	niște religii
nerușinat	nerușinatului
fată	unei fete
stropi	nu stropi
înmulți	înmulțeam
văduvi	să văduvim
uda	udară
perinda	perindam
căsători	căsătoresc
bârfi	nu bârfi
ferestrui	a ferestrui
supunere	supunere
sumete	sumet
cuvânt	niște cuvinte
lăsa	lăsaseră
biciclist	bicicliștilor
etate	etăților
atârna	atârna
inseparabil	inseparabila
gâdila	gâdilă
constrânge	a constrânge
tuna	tunat
spectral	spectralilor
rușina	rușinarăm
lichid	lichidului
orbi	orbiseși
rămâne	rămăseserăm
canadian	canadianul
învolbura	învolburarăți
greși	să greșesc
uimitor	uimitoare
cantautor	cantautorilor
sfătui	sfătuind
roti	să rotești
împiedica	să împiedice
păți	pățiși
finisa	să finisați
forfeca	forfecași
guverna	guvernasem
termina	terminară
jigni	să jignim
săpun	săpunule
tresărire	tresărire
înavuți	înavuțise
galvanizat	galvanizat
scuipa	scuipară
îngropa	să îngroape
mustra	mustrați
prăpădi	prăpădesc
spune	spuseși
spân	spâni
colaj	niște colaje
încura	încuraseși
cepar	ceparilor
cerne	cernurăți
boci	bocirăți
usca	să usuce
săcret	săcreți
edificiu	edificiilor
neprietenos	neprietenosului
tunde	a tunde
speria	să sperii
halucinogen	niște halucinogene
fierbe	fierbeam
regalist	regalistele
măslin	unui măslin
rugini	ruginește
întrerupe	să întrerupă
înnopta	înnoptaseră
desfășa	desfășat
ucide	ucideam
rămâne	rămăsese
sângera	nu sângerați
ferestrui	să ferestruim
stafidă	unei stafide
acumula	acumulaserăm
stărui	să stăruiești
moldovean	moldoveanule
afla	să aflați
treaptă	treptelor
aduce	să aducă
conține	conținuși
amâna	nu amânați
vizita	să viziteze
leneș	leneșilor
sigur	sigur
adăpostit	adăpostită
cugeta	cugetaserăm
completa	completarăm
dezrădăcina	dezrădăcinase
feminitate	feminități
produce	a produce
nominativ	nominativelor
crește	să creșteți
împila	împilez
documenta	documentează
boteza	botează
ghida	ghidaserăm
îngropa	îngropaseși
galvanizat	galvanizatului
întrebuința	întrebuințarăți
întări	întăriți
împrăștia	împrăștie
ațâța	ațâți
suspensor	suspensor
salt	saltule
absorbit	absorbita
compara	nu compara
întrebuința	întrebuințează
substanță	substanțelor
roz	roz
domina	dominam
induce	să inducem
avea dreptate	avură dreptate
nimeri	să nimerești
încălța	încălțați
dezavantajos	dezavantajoșilor
turba	să turbe
face dragoste	fac dragoste
împlini	împlinise
înmâna	înmânați
ști	să știi
amfibiu	amfibie
făuri	făurise
bunăvoință	bunăvoințe
parazit	paraziților
verosimil	verosimililor
înfuleca	înfulecă
supăra	supăra
suedez	suedezul
stânjeni	stânjenește
june	unui june
linx	niște lincși
apropia	apropiarăm
gusta	gustat
afgan	unor afgani
alăpta	să alăpteze
onestitate	onestității
răspândi	răspândiseră
vâna	vânase
întins	întinsurile
braț	brațelor
extern	externe
țigănesc	țigănești
zgăura	zgăurasem
terestru	terestre
sfârși	sfârși
pisică	pisicilor
teme	a teme
știrb	știrbă
circumcide	să circumcideți
obstrucție	niște obstrucții
tăgădui	tăgăduiești
porumbiște	porumbiștile
înlocui	înlocuiserăți
micșora	micșorai
iscăli	să iscălească
compune	nu compuneți
mânea	nu mânea
îmbuiba	îmbuibarăm
coșmar	coșmarule
minciună	minciună
scânteia	scânteiaserăți
idee	ideilor
pușcărie	pușcăriilor
tăbăci	tăbăcisem
emerit	emeriții
cărnos	cărnoasei
prezice	preziseserăm
introduce	să introducem
înverșuna	înverșunează
fad	fadă
tăbăci	tăbăcind
terț	indefinite articulation
glas	glasurile
râvni	râvneam
spaniol	niște spanioli
electromagnetic	electromagnetice
dezbina	dezbinat
sângeros	sângeros
minți	să mințim
asistat	asistate
introductiv	introductivele
împrejmui	nu împrejmuiți
uimi	uimește
ironic	ironicii
ironic	ironic
zbârli	zbârliși
culca	culcase
sprinten	sprinteni
pleca	plecat
alege	aleseră
suferință	suferințele
prețui	prețuiam
curmală	curmalelor
rotunji	rotunjesc
scrie	scriind
îngâna	îngânase
ședea	șezurăți
botanic	botanicii
socializa	socializaseși
crăpa	crăpați
canelură	canelură
sorbi	sorbiseră
dobândi	dobândeai
câșlegi	câșlegile
abdica	abdicați
peți	pețește
aprinde	să aprindă
scrimer	niște scrimeri
așeza	așezam
mandril	mandrilii
noră	nurorile
nădăjdui	nădăjduia
ghida	să ghidez
rescrie	rescrie
regalist	regalistului
răpune	răpuseseră
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățise
săra	sărară
biotit	niște biotituri
onora	onoraserăți
măiestru	măiastra
tânji	tânjii
secera	secerat
lepăda	a lepăda
țigăni	țigăneați
împiedica	nu împiedicați
dirigui	să diriguiască
genă	genelor
cântări	nu cântări
netezi	neteziseră
bucuros	bucuroaselor
sufoca	sufocă
epifanie	unei epifanii
valsa	valsez
sughița	sughițasem
dușmăni	dușmănise
cașcaval	cașcavalule
scoace	scoace
trăi	trăiserăți
crescut	crescutelor
cufuri	nu cufuri
cumpăni	să cumpănesc
amical	amicalului
răsuci	răsucii
culca	să culcați
freca	frecați
violetă	violetele
sefard	sefarzilor
onomatopeic	onomatopeice
memoriza	memorizează
suveran	suveranele
spinos	spinoasă
cărăbuș	cărăbușilor
convinge	convingeam
dezmânta	dezmântai
extinde	să extind
purifica	purifică
fricos	fricoasă
monogamie	monogamie
sta	stai
declina	declinând
îndopa	să îndopăm
căzut	căzute
împodobi	împodobeai
bloca	blocarăm
încercui	încercuia
distractiv	distractiva
închide	închisese
ține	țineți
culca	culc
afurisi	afurisiră
arămar	arămarule
aromân	aromânii
scădea	scăzusem
mulțumi	a mulțumi
compune	compuseserăm
injecta	injectase
putrezi	putrezește
aplauda	să aplaude
lua în seamă	luași în seamă
greși	greșiți
asculta	să ascult
aglomerat	aglomeratele
îmbia	a îmbia
mâzgăli	mâzgăleau
alăpta	alăptaserăți
sărbători	să sărbătoresc
înfuria	înfuriaseși
forja	forjaseră
orhidee	niște orhidee
structural	structuralilor
blond	blonzii
pădurar	pădurarilor
lega	legat
gudura	gudură
stoarce	storcând
burtos	burtosul
măcina	a măcina
întoarce	întorcea
prefix	prefixelor
îmbunătăți	a îmbunătăți
beat	bete
îmbogăți	îmbogății
drum	drumule
distractiv	distractive
drăgălaș	drăgălașii
totalitate	totalităților
împăca	să împace
intui	intuiserăți
unge	să ungeți
mărunți	mărunțesc
degera	degeraseși
feri	ferirăm
piure	niște piureuri
studia	studiaseși
supraviețui	supraviețuiseși
naștere	unei nașteri
nega	negași
ieși	să ieșiți
făgădui	făgăduiesc
înăbuși	înăbușiră
sodomie	niște sodomii
discuție	discuțiilor
piersica	piersicând
îndeletnici	îndeletniciseră
feminin	feminin
dejuga	dejugă
contribuție	contribuțiilor
opărit	opărite
înfumura	înfumurează
cutreiera	nu cutreierați
neted	netezii
părui	să păruim
greu	grelei
dătător	dătătorilor
încadra	încadram
biban	bibanule
ocară	ocară
dospi	să dospim
pregnant	pregnantului
săgeta	săgetaserăți
fraternitate	fraternitate
soț	soților
creștin	creștinilor
puturos	puturoase
juisa	juisând
telefon	niște telefoane
înnopta	înnoptează
orgasm	unui orgasm
crunt	cruntului
astruca	să astruce
tinde	să tindem
folositor	folositori
semna	a semna
accesibil	accesibilul
pilota	să pilotezi
fiică	fiicelor
mărunți	mărunțeam
părui	păruiși
impredictibil	impredictibilelor
dori	doriserăți
disponibil	disponibilului
defăima	defăimarăți
obscur	obscurilor
dezminți	dezmințind
stricat	stricat
îmbrăca	îmbrăcând
răpune	răpune
încununa	nu încununați
simplifica	să simplificați
taur	taurii
capră	unei capre
contopi	contopesc
persoană	unei persoane
vorbăreț	vorbăreț
hotar	hotarelor
neapărat	neapăratului
înverzi	înverziserăți
jupui	jupuind
craniu	niște cranii
socotit	socotitului
юби	юбисерэць
zbate	zbătuserăți
jindui	jindui
intempestiv	intempestivul
canadian	unor canadieni
răgușit	răgușitelor
îndobitoci	îndobitocirăți
cetățeană	cetățeană
stima	stimaseră
înjunghia	înjunghiind
cerși	a cerși
vinde	vând
undui	unduise
subscrie	să subscrieți
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostit
ferici	fericea
tăgădui	tăgăduind
învecina	nu învecina
consta	nu consta
spurca	spurcă
plimba	plimbasem
îmbina	să îmbini
respira	respiră
asprime	asprimilor
agățare	agățărilor
denatura	denaturați
ironizator	ironizatorului
dărăci	dărăciră
armeancă	armeancă
brav	bravul
destrăbăla	destrăbălase
fierar	fierarilor
rău	răuul
refeca	refecați
sfert	sferturilor
freca	freacă
tinde	tindeați
slav	slave
învălura	să învălurez
afuma	afumaserăm
face	făcui
amfibiu	amfibiilor
absorbi	absorbiră
auri	să aurim
veninos	veninoșii
zgâria	nu zgâriați
fixa	fixase
mândri	mândrise
interesa	să interesez
binefăcător	binefăcătoarea
băși	bășirăm
pizdar	pizdarilor
asimila	asimilăm
ploios	ploioasei
soră	surorile
târgui	să târguiască
trăncăni	trăncăni
insecuritate	niște insecurități
zănatic	zănatici
юби	юби
parazită	parazitelor
galfed	galfede
neadecvat	neadecvatele
bea	beau
castan	castanule
șerbi	șerbeați
afla	aflai
zări	zării
conduce	condu
anal	anale
vaccina	vaccina
veșted	veștede
aera	aerai
lucios	lucioaselor
azotos	azotoasă
potrivi	potrivim
păți	pățesc
târgui	târguiai
începe	început
obosi	obosirăm
ara	ararăți
puternic	puternic
nocturn	nocturne
mângâia	să mângâi
sfântă	sfântă
finisa	finisat
liniște	liniște
muflon	muflonilor
lua în considerație	să ia în considerație
coti	cotește
destrăbăla	destrăbălai
nutreț	nutrețurilor
petrece	petrecurăm
avea dreptate	avut dreptate
dezgheța	dezghețaserăți
valsa	valsează
plimba	plimbarăm
trage	nu trage
suci	să sucească
pictat	pictate
șterge	ștergea
scufunda	scufundă
artistic	artistic
dezmierda	dezmierdase
înceta	încetă
omuleț	niște omuleți
descurca	descurcat
sughița	sughițam
emoționa	să emoționăm
curăța	curățat
reintroduce	reintroduserăm
deranja	deranjam
dormita	dormitați
alunel	aluneilor
abandona	abandonează
modifica	modificați
cuprinde	să cuprindă
încununa	încununasem
mătură	măturile
analog	analogii
dezuni	dezuneați
peiorativ	peiorativului
bărbie	unei bărbii
văr	unui văr
estonian	estonianul
beat	beții
nimici	să nimicim
tisă	tisele
moșier	moșierule
dispune	dispunând
ustensilă	ustensilele
turti	turtește
lupta	luptară
amenința	amenințați
îngrămădi	îngrămădește
tânji	tânjit
purifica	purificase
mângâia	mângâia
mulțumi	mulțumiși
certa	certați
afunda	afundă
combina	să combine
înavuți	înavuțeau
îneca	să înece
excava	excavarăți
grăbi	grăbise
suspina	nu suspinați
îmbătrâni	îmbătrânim
prinde	să prindem
reînnoi	să reînnoim
coreean	definite articulation
ghida	ghidează
adânci	adânciți
înrădăcina	înrădăcinarăm
suc	unui suc
dormi	dormise
prețui	prețuiește
frâna	nu frâna
clăti	să clătească
scula	nu scula
cuminți	să cumințesc
dildo	dildourilor
așeza	așază
toarce	torseserăți
purifica	purificau
destrăma	destramai
trăda	trădai
face dragoste	făcui dragoste
înjosi	înjosiseși
junime	unei junimi
ciocolată	unei ciocolate
nemilos	nemiloasă
zgăura	zgăuraseră
asuda	asudară
dezmânta	să dezmânt
magistru	magiștrilor
pricepe	pricepeai
cotidian	cotidienilor
petrece	petrecuseși
ara	arând
retrage	retraserăți
găsi	găsim
neguța	neguțaserăți
da jos	dăm jos
încăpea	să încapă
orchestral	orchestralele
arnică	unei arnici
călca	călca
rugă	niște rugi
păcăli	păcăliși
pom	unui pom
uscat	uscat
obișnui	obișnuii
asistent	asistenții
interesa	interesând
cărare	unei cărări
leurdă	unei leurde
lega	să lege
scutura	să scuturăm
iluzoriu	iluzoriu
aduna	adunăm
excela	excelaseși
deprinde	deprinde
înșira	înșiră
regalist	regaliste
strâmba	a strâmba
subțire	subțire
năsut	năsutului
fertil	fertilii
adia	adiase
domina	să dominați
enciclopedie	enciclopediilor
portal	portalurilor
spânzura	spânzurai
îngrășa	îngrășați
zdrobi	zdrobim
înfrunta	înfruntai
buzunar	niște buzunare
obliga	obligă
tranzient	tranzienți
descălța	descălțaseră
căra	cară
castra	castrarăți
testicular	testicularilor
apăsa	apăsași
purica	purica
lovi	lovește
asurzi	asurzesc
plâns	plânsurile
balcanic	balcanicilor
răsuci	să răsucească
rădașcă	rădaștele
ascuți	să ascuțim
desfira	desfiră
mentă	mentei
masiv	masivi
mărturisi	a mărturisi
orgasmic	orgasmice
prețui	prețuit
amuți	amuțești
coleg	colegilor
ațâța	ațâțaserăți
divorța	să divorțați
înfricoșa	înfricoșând
afgan	afganul
căsca	nu căscați
albanez	albanez
școlar	școlar
suci	suciți
satura	să saturați
violență	violențelor
vargă	vergilor
scumpi	să scumpim
funda	fundează
amaneta	amanetasem
încăla	încălasem
jupui	jupuiserăți
centru	unui centru
toci	tocirăm
adia	să adii
clăti	clătesc
cerceta	cercetăm
accidental	accidentale
oftica	oftică
mulțumi	să mulțumim
isprăvi	isprăvea
deceda	decedai
lipi	lipii
azvârli	azvârleam
tânăr	tinerii
ras	ras
prăji	a prăji
tăia	taie
soma	somarăm
negustor	negustorilor
prevești	preveștește
împături	împăturesc
îmbătrâni	îmbătrâniți
școlăriță	unei școlărițe
supraveghea	supraveghează
reprezentant	niște reprezentanți
gazelă	niște gazele
șopti	șoptiți
zbura	să zboare
împovăra	împovără
cărnos	cărnosul
юби	юбешть
excela	excelară
extinde	extinseră
mucos	mucoaselor
păcăli	nu păcăliți
virilitate	virilitatea
descuia	descuiau
balcon	balcoanelor
pescăruș	pescărușii
halucina	halucinau
împlini	să împliniți
vigilență	unei vigilențe
lalea	lalea
alunga	alungăm
relua	reluaserăm
corupe	să corupi
scrie	scriați
asemăna	asemănați
culege	culeseseși
excita	excită
catalan	definite articulation
întâlni	întâlneați
custa	custarăți
muta	mutați
român	românului
lesbiană	unei lesbiene
atent	atenți
trăda	să trădăm
înfăptui	înfăptuiră
scumpi	să scumpești
neglija	neglijăm
borțos	borțos
clădi	clădeai
înnegri	înnegriți
azvârli	azvârleați
interesant	interesant
echilibra	echilibrarăți
nemilă	nemilelor
încrede	încredeam
dumica	dumicat
cubism	cubismul
echilibru	echilibrelor
cronic	cronicei
întrevedea	să întrevadă
înflori	înflorești
utiliza	utilizarăm
mânea	să mână
domesticire	domesticirile
achiziționare	achiziționările
răscula	răsculă
rotund	rotundelor
răzgândi	răzgândisem
cânta	să cânți
aciua	aciuai
fumega	fumegarăți
pubertate	unei pubertăți
încumeta	să încumetăm
scriitor	scriitorilor
util	utilul
hering	heringii
muștar	muștarurilor
atârna	atârnau
circula	circulam
ars	arse
invizibil	invizibilului
dezbina	să dezbinați
mângâia	să mângâiați
dușmăni	dușmănirăți
mura	murași
răci	răcea
împinge	împinge
defileu	defileurilor
porumbac	un porumbac
îneca	să înece
obișnui	obișnuiește
repezi	repezise
râma	râmă
măcina	nu măcina
dezvăța	dezvățaserăm
însenina	înseninase
ieși	ieșiserăm
desface	desfac
întreba	să întrebe
deviere	deviere
ucidere	ucidere
oripila	oripilă
toci	tociserăm
înseta	însetezaserăți
bulbuca	bulbucase
încăpea	încape
braț	brațele
abil	abilei
omor	niște omoruri
vrăji	nu vrăjiți
romancier	romancierilor
dialectal	dialectale
apropia	apropiat
juisa	juisam
dărâma	dărâmase
chiorî	chiorăști
influența	influențai
căsători	să căsătorim
geme	gemurăți
sminti	să smintesc
răsturna	răsturnaseși
atârnare	niște atârnări
elibera	eliberarăți
fluiera	fluieraserăm
pleca	plecarăți
bibliotecă	bibliotecile
adunare	adunările
gramatică	niște gramatici
personalitate	niște personalități
împerechea	împerecheaserăți
actriță	actriță
mulțumi	mulțumii
tinde	tinzi
coase	cosea
subteran	subterana
înlocui	înlocuiai
bulgăresc	bulgăreștilor
rost	rosturilor
rânced	râncezii
cere	ceruse
păcăli	păcăliră
păcăli	păcăleai
haitian	haitianului
spațiu	niște spații
contopi	contopim
vizibil	vizibile
atinge	atingem
îngusta	îngustai
șasiu	șasiule
scutura	scuturam
fereastră	unei ferestre
distila	distilai
elimina	să eliminăm
pederastic	pederasticii
traversa	traversaseră
țăran	țăranii
mărgini	mărginește
îngreuna	îngreunași
cumpăni	cumpănesc
stingheri	stingheream
răzgândi	să răzgândească
lua	să iau
gândi	gândeam
împături	împăturește
sări	sărisem
scrumieră	niște scrumiere
citi	citește
pansexualitate	pansexualitatea
rezista	rezistam
umbri	a umbri
nenoroci	nenorociseși
canar	canarule
sfârtica	sfârtica
jena	jenași
undui	să unduim
poponar	poponarilor
aplauda	aplaudați
dobândi	dobândii
urangutan	niște urangutani
prepuțial	prepuțial
augura	augurezi
răsfira	să răsfire
fluiera	să fluierați
dezgusta	dezgustați
nisipos	nisiposului
alinta	alintă
dezdoi	dezdoaie
sui	suiai
zbârci	să zbârciți
epuiza	epuizarăți
geografic	geografice
macrou	macroule
descheia	deschei
ațâța	ațâțaseși
cont	conturilor
accesibilitate	accesibilitatea
dispune	dispun
sfătui	sfătuim
monocrom	monocrome
молдовенеск	молдовенешть
ușura	ușurat
lătra	latri
lăsa	lăsaserăți
învăța	învățat
simboliza	simbolizăm
înșuruba	înșurubai
bloca	blocăm
compune	compun
crampon	crampoanelor
înrăma	înrămasem
ultim	ultimii
urî	urâți
feminin	feminine
ultim	ultimele
forța	forțarăm
deveni	deveniserăm
râde	să râdeți
castaniu	castaniei
memoriza	memoriza
însera	să însereze
cutreiera	cutreierați
afunda	afundași
constrânge	constrânge
supraviețui	supraviețui
libertate	libertăților
deda	dedase
respingere	unei respingeri
pielcea	pielcelele
bărbieri	bărbierisem
valah	valahului
întrevedea	întrevăd
făinos	făinoase
prevești	a prevești
speria	sperie
murdări	murdărind
documenta	să documentăm
saluta	nu saluta
înțelege	înțelesese
bășica	bășicați
pilot	pilotule
apă	niște ape
curăța	nu curăța
salut	saluturilor
cere	cerurăți
lăsat	lăsata
zbura	zburai
constrânge	constrânsesem
ști	să știți
încrede	încrezui
radio	radioule
puternic	puternicilor
prăda	a prăda
livadă	livadă
toci	nu toci
câștiga	a câștiga
întina	întinau
face labă	face labă
dezuni	dezunise
harbuz	niște harbuji
bisexualitate	bisexualitate
traduce	traducând
vorbitor	vorbitorilor
desfășura	desfășurăm
boteza	boteză
uniformitate	uniformității
adevărat	adevărați
agăța	nu agățați
cimpoi	niște cimpoaie
rătăci	rătăciți
atrage	atrageai
încorona	încoronați
sălta	saltă
prăși	a prăși
căprișor	căprișorii
deceda	decedați
inteligent	inteligentele
rezolva	rezolvași
carne	cărnurile
înverzi	să înverzească
histologic	histologicelor
lăcrima	lăcrimau
fura	furarăm
apărare	unei apărări
celt	celtele
sașiu	sașiu
obliga	să obligați
țeapăn	țeapăn
cameraman	unui cameraman
plictisi	plictiseam
săgeta	săgetase
confrunta	să confrunte
apropia	să apropii
deschide	deschisei
deda	dedăm
migrenă	migrenelor
nega	să nege
descurca	descurcarăți
slugări	slugări
drag	dragelor
căință	căințelor
păcătui	păcătuiserăm
înnora	înnorat
întrista	întrista
dărăci	dărăcește
însera	a însera
prinde	prindeam
cuceri	cuceream
avorta	avortam
frământa	frământă
roade	nu roade
ascunde	ascundeam
hemoroid	hemoroidule
strâmt	strâmte
înjura	înjurară
anula	anulaseră
sumete	sumeteam
releu	releelor
înzestra	a înzestra
îndura	îndurați
lai	lai
mândru	mândrul
astruca	astrucasem
îngriji	îngrijiseși
întreține	întrețin
scutura	a scutura
măsura	măsoară
tentant	tentanți
extinde	extindeam
belea	niște belele
bărbieri	să bărbierim
făuri	făurim
crucifica	crucificați
epuiza	epuizam
împerechea	împerecheau
plictisitor	plictisitorul
schimb	schimburilor
nefertilizat	nefertilizații
sămânță	sămânță
protolimbă	protolimbilor
sinucide	sinucidea
albastru	albaștrii
brazdă	brazdelor
jigni	jignește
trânti	trânteam
rugi	rugirăți
mura	murați
după-amiază	după-amiezilor
radiație	radiațiilor
păpa	păpăm
domina	domină
alunga	alunga
omenesc	omenescul
suna	sunați
păsăresc	păsăreștii
plictisitor	plictisitoare
intempestiv	intempestive
alergie	niște alergii
îmboldi	îmboldeau
trandafiriu	trandafirii
prăsi	prăseam
convinge	convingea
olog	ologilor
mătura	mătură
împrăștia	împrăștiaseși
prefera	preferi
fractura	fracturași
cufunda	cufundă
curcă	niște curci
îmbuca	îmbuci
adăpostit	adăpostitul
iscăli	iscălim
căzut	căzutei
patinare	unei patinări
pungă	niște pungi
răsări	răsăriră
delimita	să delimitezi
cumpli	cumpli
călca	călcă
central-european	central-europeni
surpa	surpase
terțiu	terțiului
bulevard	bulevardule
psihostimulant	psihostimulantelor
forja	să forjăm
student	studenții
zgâi	zgâiam
arinos	arinoase
adopta	adoptași
antonim	unui antonim
gravita	gravitaseră
ierta	iertași
anula	să anuleze
căsători	căsătoreau
voltmetru	voltmetrelor
bulgăresc	bulgăreștii
păta	pătați
circumcide	circumcidea
înfășa	înfășași
azvârli	să azvârliți
închega	încheg
slăbi	slăbeau
trabuc	trabucurilor
dospi	dospea
alunga	să alunge
frige	frigem
asuda	asudați
prăbuși	prăbușind
învechi	învechi
pregăti	pregătește
neguța	să neguțez
paradox	paradoxurile
descinge	descins
prețui	prețuiși
poporan	indefinite articulation
junime	niște junimi
încări	să încărească
valah	valah
prescrie	nu prescrie
motor	motoarelor
râu	unui râu
miez	miezurile
lanț	lanțurile
intui	intuise
stoarce	storci
înfumura	să înfumurați
mărita	măritând
pederastic	pederasticilor
sughița	să sughițe
arunca	să arunc
cununa	cununat
marin	marini
înfățișa	înfățișa
asemăna	asemănaseși
sept	septurilor
încheia	încheiai
aritmetic	aritmeticul
înscrie	înscrii
sfătui	sfătuiește
interzice	interziceți
prinde	nu prinde
adăpa	adăpând
înjura	înjuram
cantalup	cantalupilor
izvor	unui izvor
stuf	stufurilor
răsuna	răsună
ascuns	ascunsei
deveni	devenirăm
contagios	contagios
mustra	mustrăm
tricot	tricoturilor
Rusalii	unor Rusalii
sui	sui
gândi	gândiserăm
țăcăni	țăcănit
dumnezeiesc	dumnezeiescului
împlini	să împlinească
depăra	nu depărați
moșteni	moșteniserăm
nereal	nereali
învățătoare	învățătoare
cronologie	niște cronologii
eventualitate	niște eventualități
încura	încură
întâmpina	întâmpinai
pișa	pișasem
inunda	a inunda
rula	nu rula
desface	să desfac
emoționa	nu emoționați
fuma	fumam
testicular	testicularele
terminație	terminațiilor
rășină	unei rășini
episcopal	episcopalelor
îngreuna	să îngreunăm
încrunta	a încrunta
cep	niște cepuri
pălărie	pălărie
relua	reluați
mahonă	niște mahone
râvni	râvniți
fierbinte	fierbintelui
suspina	să suspinați
vopsi	vopsind
acvatic	acvatici
dezamăgi	dezamăgea
cerca	să cerci
utiliza	utilizaseși
pian	pianelor
veac	veacurilor
olandez	niște olandezi
deșira	deșirași
amuza	amuzaserăți
amărî	amărați
codaș	definite articulation
tucan	niște tucani
bleu	definite articulation
consta	să constăm
subscrie	subscriseserăm
îngrijora	să îngrijoreze
amorți	să amorțească
rotunji	rotunjeați
pingeli	pingelind
combina	să combin
datora	datorași
analizator	analizatorilor
insista	insistaseși
heterosexualitate	heterosexualitate
împresura	împresurați
cărunt	căruntului
rosti	nu rosti
recunoaște	recunoașteți
partid	partidele
da la muie	dați la muie
dogoare	dogoare
înfrăți	înfrățesc
răsfăța	să răsfețe
scuipa	scuipi
flexibil	flexibililor
obscen	obsceni
sfânt	niște sfinți
roade	să roadă
elevă	elevelor
dezvăța	dezvățai
rotire	rotirile
înșuruba	înșurubarăm
mâhni	mâhniserăm
cetaceum	cetaceum
amenințare	amenințare
curăța	curățai
vulpan	vulpanilor
luare	luare
bârfi	să bârfiți
alăpta	nu alăptați
agent	agentule
fript	friptul
prăda	prădaserăți
bec	becurilor
lăuda	să lăudăm
uman	umanule
împăuna	împăunasem
stropi	stropiră
păgân	definite articulation
trifoi	unui trifoi
tipări	tipăriseră
furnica	furnicați
pitoresc	pitorești
nimeri	a nimeri
împrospăta	prospătam
pansexual	pansexualilor
înverșuna	înverșunase
făli	făliți
fulgera	fulgeraserăți
ospătăriță	ospătărițelor
salva	salvaserăți
pulsa	pulsaseră
heterosexual	definite articulation
jaguar	niște jaguari
javră	unei javre
aera	aeraseși
drege	drege
gripă	niște gripe
bălăi	bălăiați
urs	ursule
ipocrit	ipocritule
picta	pictai
împroprietări	împroprietărim
omorî	omorâserăm
sfârși	sfârșiși
unidirecțional	unidirecționalii
polonez	unor polonezi
răcni	să răcnim
anglican	anglican
amică	amicelor
șters	ștersele
voame	vomuse
balcanic	balcanicei
mărturie	mărturiilor
întrema	să întremăm
împresura	împresurară
spiritual	spiritual
acrișor	acrișori
neted	netedei
jalnic	jalnicilor
ciuguli	să ciuguliți
târziu	târzii
răposa	să răposăm
dramatic	dramaticilor
veșteji	veștejise
curăța	curățarăți
înjura	înjuraserăți
salivă	unei salive
transatlantic	transatlanticelor
literă	literelor
subteran	subteranelor
răsfira	să răsfir
clătina	clătinam
invita	invitau
boci	boceați
ridicat	ridicate
înfoia	să înfoaie
făptui	făptuiesc
rezident	rezidentule
îmbia	îmbii
așterne	așterneați
ardoare	ardori
asturian	definite articulation
atotștiutor	atotștiutoarele
răboji	să răbojim
locui	locuind
mic	mic
sărbători	sărbătoreai
cățel	cățeilor
delicios	delicios
astupa	astupăm
elasticitate	elasticități
urla	urlau
toci	tocesc
frunte	frunților
ferici	fericește
muia	muiai
piesă	unei piese
introduce	introduceam
alinta	alintase
românesc	româneștilor
surpa	surpând
știrb	știrbii
scădea	scăzuse
botezat	botezat
ubicuu	ubicue
modalitate	modalităților
trufie	trufiile
vântura	să vânture
ciocănitoare	niște ciocănitori
afurisi	afurisise
dumica	dumică
îmbina	îmbini
hazliu	hazliului
oficial	oficiale
salva	salvând
trăncăni	să trăncănesc
preot	preoților
apăsa	să apăsați
astruca	astrucă
înșeua	înșeuezi
cântări	să cântăriți
răsări	să răsări
mort	morții
sări	să sară
amuți	amuțește
inelar	unor inelare
obține	să obțineți
părintesc	părinteasca
intern	internului
împrumuta	să împrumutați
parazitar	parazitar
usca	să usuce
puternic	puternici
cafeniu	cafenie
sufoca	sufocase
lăți	nu lățiți
insulă	insulelor
comunica	comunicai
anihila	anihilează
înțelege	înțelegeați
coopera	cooperași
stol	stolule
împăna	împănară
întreține	întreținusem
dezamăgi	dezamăgeați
împerechea	împerecheai
imitare	imitărilor
maioneză	unei maioneze
ciocănitoare	ciocănitorilor
cântecel	niște cântecele
ispiti	ispitești
țigăni	țigăniseși
înconjura	înconjurară
plăcea	plăcuserăți
înfunda	a înfunda
rugi	rugeam
insulă	niște insule
colorat	colorații
sud-african	definite articulation
necesitate	necesitate
înjura	înjurau
șopti	șoptesc
transpira	nu transpira
custa	a custa
astâmpăra	astâmpărai
împăna	nu împăna
învăța	învățaseră
flămânzi	flămânzea
strâmta	strâmta
flutura	fluturară
întuneric	întunericurilor
brânză	niște brânzeturi
biet	biet
moșteni	moșteni
amical	amicala
neted	netedului
împinge	împing
îngreuna	îngreunai
anina	nu anina
copleșitor	copleșitori
singur	singurul
declina	declinaseși
mânea	maserăți
îngropa	nu îngropa
leton	letoni
șușui	șușuiam
răsturna	răsturnasem
oftica	oftică
înfrăți	înfrățești
imprima	imprimam
încărunți	încărunțește
părea	să pară
voios	voiosul
scăpa	scăpară
criticabil	criticabilii
brici	bricelor
aține	să ațin
crucifica	crucificase
național	naționalul
evoluție	evoluțiilor
spital	spitalule
învățător	niște învățători
subscrie	subscriau
loga	logarăți
mărgini	mărgineam
românesc	românesc
ornat	ornații
dezbrăca	dezbrăcam
încări	încăriți
rar	rarei
simți	simțeam
catarg	catargele
invada	invadarăți
rezema	rezemaserăți
ieftin	ieftin
vântura	vânturaseră
urbaniza	urbanizaseși
americancă	americancelor
coopera	nu cooperați
îndulci	îndulcisem
reprezentant	reprezentantule
soție	niște soții
îmbrățișa	îmbrățișa
abataj	abatajelor
croi	croiește
deprimat	deprimatele
înviora	nu înviorați
sarcastic	sarcastici
lăcrima	lăcrimam
alee	aleilor
acuzat	acuzate
refractometrie	refractometrie
măcina	măcinară
castra	castrezi
orbi	orbeam
întâlni	întâlnește
jupui	jupuia
bălăi	bălăim
strecura	strecurarăți
amesteca	amestecară
polonic	polonicele
cerca	cercând
băiețel	băiețeilor
holba	a holba
semn	semnelor
urdinare	urdinărilor
încuia	să încuie
saluta	să salute
făinos	făinos
înverșuna	înverșuna
biserică	bisericilor
sorbi	sorbeam
profesor	niște profesori
pulsa	pulsase
dansator	niște dansatori
plai	unui plai
flutura	fluturai
ameți	amețeați
ara	ar
hamsie	hamsiilor
vamal	vamal
rupt	rupte
îngrijora	îngrijorarăți
pieptăna	pieptănarăți
străvedea	străvedeam
polisier	polisierelor
încărca	încărcași
apropia	apropie
înmulți	înmulțiserăți
elibera	nu eliberați
abataj	abatajele
vindereu	vindereii
catastrofic	catastrofice
venerare	niște venerări
sufoca	sufoci
îmbunătățire	unei îmbunătățiri
înfrâna	să înfrâneze
sorti	sorteam
dărăpăna	să dărapeni
copt	coapte
comunica	să comunice
tanrec	tanrecilor
aromân	aromânului
intoxica	intoxicaserăm
face	făcuse
sminti	să smintească
linge	linserăți
guvernamental	guvernamentalilor
spectral	spectralei
ornat	ornate
scumpi	scumpesc
boteza	botezam
lua în considerație	să luăm în considerație
adumbri	adumbreai
propune	propuseserăți
interesa	interesez
răni	rănind
lipi	lipiră
graur	graurii
creier	unui creier
plăti	plătiserăți
medic	medicului
tranzient	tranzientă
terapie	terapie
învecina	învecinarăți
datora	datorai
buză	niște buze
fi	fuseși
contrazice	să contrazicem
retrage	retragea
intenționa	intenționau
anarhie	anarhiei
cumpăta	cumpătai
neguța	neguțasem
scurge	scurgeam
părui	păruiserăți
apocaliptic	apocalipticul
coopera	cooperați
șopti	șoptiră
cotropi	cotropit
sugruma	sugrumai
dospi	dospit
somnoros	somnoroșii
descheia	descheie
păstra	să păstreze
voame	vomuserăți
împrăștia	împrăștiam
gazelă	gazelă
estima	estimaserăți
zgâi	să zgâiesc
antic	anticii
exemplu	exemplele
crizantemă	crizantemă
adânci	a adânci
pedepsi	pedepsesc
odihni	să odihnești
evaziv	evazive
combina	combinase
comporta	nu comporta
apuca	apucat
puternic	puternice
zbici	zbicești
despica	despică
atrofie	atrofiei
așeza	așezai
gratitudine	gratitudinile
returna	să returnez
căuta	caută
îngheța	înghețară
încăla	să încale
sudic	sudice
anula	anulai
supraveghea	supravegheaseră
vrăji	vrăjeam
nenoroci	nenoroceați
cetera	nu ceterați
comanda	comandau
decafeinizat	decafeinizatul
oxid	oxizilor
vitrină	vitrină
linguși	lingușiserăm
pofti	pofteam
fixa	fixară
răscula	răsculai
sorti	sorteați
insista	insistaserăm
delăsa	delăsai
fumega	fumegați
reteza	retezai
necongelat	necongelate
asurzi	asurziserăm
tresări	tresăriți
moldovenesc	moldovenească
întortochea	să întortocheați
împăduri	împădurești
sorbi	sorbeați
spuma	spumează
răscula	răsculară
irațional	iraționalii
ciocni	ciocniți
încări	încărirăți
sațietate	sațietatea
dezbrăca	să dezbrace
oftica	ofticați
elizeu	elizeule
sărat	sărații
inflorescență	niște inflorescențe
fumuriu	fumuriilor
cuptor	cuptoarelor
sonată	sonatele
împiedica	împiedicând
castron	castroanelor
zbura	zburară
poștă	poștelor
christadelfian	definite articulation
hinduism	hinduismul
subraț	subrațele
disponibil	disponibilii
anin	aninii
ocroti	ocrotiserăți
destrăbăla	destrăbălarăm
trăsătură	trăsăturile
acoperi	acoperă
delicat	delicate
tovărășesc	tovărășești
lătra	lătraserăm
histologic	histologica
urzi	urzirăți
începe	începe
încercui	încercuiai
împunge	să împungi
înfoia	înfoiau
întreprinde	întreprindeam
comanda	comandăm
cina	cinarăm
alina	alinași
adormit	adormiți
jeț	jețurile
traversa	traversam
urî	urâm
ros	ros
ciudat	ciudaților
amărî	amărăsc
pieri	piereai
radiație	radiațiilor
piersica	să piersicați
aerodrom	aerodromurilor
boteza	să botezăm
epifanie	epifaniilor
încheia	încheiai
apune	apusese
necongelat	necongelatul
subscrie	să subscriu
suspensor	suspensorii
dubla	dublau
nechibzuit	nechibzuitul
articula	articulam
albeață	albeață
babuin	unui babuin
îmbăta	îmbătaseși
fute	futeați
înfricoșa	înfricoșaserăți
chitară	chitarele
completa	completați
contribuție	contribuțiile
acuzat	acuzaților
castra	castraserăți
inteligibil	inteligibil
boteza	botezaserăm
extrage	extrase
înfrâna	să înfrâneze
cerceta	cercetez
comparare	comparărilor
zbura	zburăm
suci	suceați
cinsti	să cinstesc
programabil	programabile
trandafiriu	trandafiriu
vultur	vulturilor
rugini	să ruginești
cășuna	cășunaserăm
porni	să porniți
șopti	șoptesc
răci	să răcesc
brăzda	să brăzeze
descoperire	unei descoperiri
zombi	unui zombi
cat	unui cat
cantalup	unui cantalup
monogamie	monogamiilor
constrânge	constrânsese
unghie	niște unghii
descălța	descălțăm
învește	să învească
simplu	simplele
perfect	perfecților
continuu	continuu
încetini	încetiserăți
bălțat	bălțatul
bufniță	bufnițelor
pregăti	să pregătească
valsa	nu valsa
deștepta	deștepteai
dezumfla	să umfli
tranzient	tranziente
suci	suciți
lepăda	lepăd
coti	cotesc
ciopli	ciopliserăm
sul	unui sul
bănui	bănuiește
sumete	sumeteau
bășică	niște bășici
anglofon	anglofonule
dezgropa	dezgropași
deprimat	deprimata
legăna	legănați
carpelă	carpelelor
ieși	iese
îndurera	să îndurerez
seduce	sedusese
florar	niște florari
cloci	clocirăți
spăla	spălat
saluta	salută
piersică	piersicilor
petrece	petrecuși
dansator	dansatorii
muist	muiștilor
avorta	avortăm
învește	înveșteam
prăda	prădarăm
mulțime	unei mulțimi
prună	niște prune
scrisoare	scrisoare
completa	să completăm
plajă	plajelor
extinde	extindem
ascuți	ascut
aera	aeraseră
construi	să construiască
rușina	rușinară
pișa	a pișa
microbiologic	microbiologică
strecura	strecoară
îmbuca	îmbuc
haiduc	haiducilor
dezgropa	dezgropasem
onest	onești
strica	să stricați
nocturn	nocturn
lega	legasem
murseca	mursecați
înjuga	înjugai
soție	unei soții
codalb	codalbii
linguși	lingușiserăți
acoperi	acoperi
asurzi	asurziși
roșu	roșia
deșela	deșelam
coriandru	coriandrule
înfăina	a înfăina
modifica	modificăm
dovedi	dovedise
prost	proștii
zăcea	să zac
căra	nu cărați
înceta	încetaseră
soție	soție
angaja	angajează
tranzitiv	tranzitiva
înălța	înălțai
pasa	să paseze
întreba	întrebarăm
încrucișa	încrucișă
lutos	lutoase
tuși	tușiseră
creștin	creștini
conveni	convenisem
întrezări	nu întrezări
ferestruit	ferestruit
înrâuri	înrâuriseră
păduchea	păduchem
mârced	mârcezilor
dezminți	dezmințiserăm
structurat	structuratele
lăcrimioară	lăcrimioarelor
enigmatic	enigmatici
făgădui	făgădui
pictură	unei picturi
strânge	strânseră
circumscrie	să circumscriu
aștepta	așteptam
conformitate	conformitatea
sufleca	suflecau
gravita	gravitați
dezminți	dezmințeai
țap	niște țapi
răcori	răcorirăm
înviora	învioră
dezrădăcina	dezrădăcinaserăți
rosti	să rostească
abandonabil	abandonabil
muiere	muiere
încura	încur
deretica	dereticaserăm
neregal	neregali
alinta	să alint
strâmba	strâmbați
rupe	rup
viorea	viorelelor
săgetar	unui săgetar
prepuțial	prepuțiale
păpa	păpaserăm
consular	consulara
lubrifiant	unui lubrifiant
bârfi	a bârfi
nemțesc	nemțeștilor
perioadă	perioadelor
pricepe	pricepea
confrunta	confruntăm
peristaltic	peristaltici
avansa	avansarăți
scutura	scutură
păcăli	păcălit
evlavios	evlavioasele
spuză	spuză
sămânță	semințelor
trece	să treci
smulge	smuls
dezvăța	dezvățaseși
castan	castanii
inunda	inundă
vâscos	vâscosului
nega	negasem
sătul	sătule
porumbiște	unei porumbiști
fijian	fijienii
crește	crești
declina	declină
săgeta	a săgeta
întrerupe	nu întrerupe
triton	tritonii
subteran	subterane
distruge	să distrugem
adverbial	adverbiali
prezentare	niște prezentări
fonetic	fonetice
daună	daună
aprinde	aprind
propti	să proptim
frâna	frânăm
coti	să cotească
urla	urlară
mic	micul
catastrofic	catastrofice
ghida	ghidez
păstra	să păstrați
jindui	jinduiai
țigănesc	țigăneștii
asexual	asexualilor
melanj	melanjurilor
cumpăta	cumpătează
îndurera	îndureraseși
anima	să animăm
dansa	dansaserăm
tărăgăna	să tărăgănezi
văduvi	văduvind
preistorie	preistorie
șovăi	șovăiseră
veninos	veninoasa
estima	estimase
funcționa	funcționau
distinge	distingeați
calculat	calculat
împila	împilaseși
pretențios	pretențioaselor
contopi	contopisem
ajuta	ajutaseră
coperi	coperi
înfăptui	înfăptuiam
digital	digitalele
împăuna	împăunăm
rozător	niște rozătoare
cerca	cearcă
traduce	nu traduceți
conduce	conduseră
plăcea	plăcuseră
mângâia	mângâiaserăm
năsos	năsosului
scufundat	scufundat
dormi	să doarmă
dezmânta	a dezmânta
apleca	aplecaserăți
mistifica	să mistificați
reuși	reușiră
mărturisi	să mărturisească
îngrămădi	îngrămădeam
discuta	să discutați
frasin	frasinii
hrană	unei hrane
apleca	aplecaseși
dezminți	dezmințise
ședea	șezuseră
cunoaște	cunoscuseră
praf	prafurilor
canoni	canonise
netezi	netezise
preistoric	preistorice
prevesti	prevestește
vindeca	vindecă
înrudi	înrudii
cină	unei cine
nenorocit	nenorociților
propti	proptirăm
abdominal	abdominale
vântos	vântosul
tăbăci	a tăbăci
răpune	răpus
ciuguli	ciuguliserăm
smulge	smulgeam
prinde	să prind
pișat	pișaturilor
răzbuna	să răzbun
mesteacăn	mestecenii
corcoduș	corcodușilor
suci	să sucești
apicultor	apicultorii
sexy	sexy
mura	muram
sărut	niște săruturi
strecura	strecurați
îndemânare	îndemânări
însărcina	însărcinați
dovedi	dovedea
pulsa	pulsez
urdina	urdinară
prăsi	prăsești
scoace	scoapseseră
dormi	nu dormi
aluneca	alunecai
cașcaval	cașcavalurilor
seduce	seduserăți
înfuleca	înfulecați
azotos	azotoșilor
pântecos	pântecosului
ameți	amețește
muiere	muierilor
despune	despusesem
îndemna	îndemnași
susține	să susțineți
împrăștia	împrăștiaserăm
face sex	faceți sex
valsa	să valseze
iertat	iertate
eucalipt	unui eucalipt
măcina	măcinam
despune	despunea
merita	a merita
distra	să distrăm
încuraja	să încurajeze
începe	începeau
aminti	nu aminti
cuminți	cumințisem
transforma	să transforme
cutremura	cutremurați
юби	юбирэ
mic	mici
înrâuri	înrâuriți
interveni	interveni
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățeați
autobuz	unui autobuz
național	naționalei
biet	biata
culca	culcă
avorta	avortați
înșeua	să înșeueze
ademeni	ademenii
râios	râioaselor
muzică	muzicilor
aducătoare	niște aducătoare
avorta	avortași
reduce	reduseră
picta	pictezi
activa	activați
pătimi	pătimi
electromagnetic	electromagnetice
nevastă	nevestele
pedeapsă	pedeapsă
arșinic	arșinicule
neprevizibil	neprevizibililor
curăța	curățaserăți
dărăpăna	dărăpănam
dormi	să dormim
roși	roșeau
buluci	să bulucești
clătina	clatin
risipi	risipește
refeca	refecând
masturba	masturbând
dicta	dicta
hiberna	să hiberneze
adora	a adora
achenă	niște achene
preistorie	preistoria
vopsi	vopsii
pian	unui pian
spinos	spinoșii
fuma	nu fuma
sfulgera	sfulgeraseră
solar	solarelor
frunzos	frunzoșii
susura	să susurăm
scălda	să scalde
îngâna	îngânăm
fierăstrui	fierăstruiește
sparge	spărgeam
cuceri	cuceriți
mișca	să mișc
necomunicat	necomunicații
asfaltare	asfaltărilor
încăla	încălând
înghesui	înghesuie
atrofie	atrofii
șomaj	șomajul
ofensator	ofensator
distruge	a distruge
amorți	amorțiserăm
zbici	zbiciră
diastolic	diastolic
teme	temut
somnoros	somnorosului
drăguț	drăguțului
amărî	a amărî
unic	unicul
extinde	extinseseși
juca	să joc
cuceri	cuceriseși
îndupleca	înduplecați
dărâma	dărâmași
abagiu	unui abagiu
împături	împăturit
visa	visează
rezolva	rezolvă
dezgusta	dezgustă
suc	sucurilor
ocară	ocările
toci	tocirăți
folosire	folosirile
mișcător	mișcătoarei
parca	parchez
piston	pistoanele
adopta	adoptaseși
cotidian	cotidieni
termometru	termometrelor
zbârli	nu zbârliți
căpos	căpoasei
împunge	să împungă
arșinic	arșinicilor
ușura	ușuraseră
încânta	încântară
cuminți	cumințeau
filantropic	filantropică
filamentos	filamentoaselor
împăna	împănai
trăda	să trădezi
terapeutic	terapeutice
rânced	râncezi
scoate	să scoatem
curge	curg
foamete	niște foamete
împușca	împușcai
înfășa	să înfăș
dormi	să doarmă
rumega	rumegasem
beștea	beștea
umili	să umilească
intern	internii
noapte	nopților
terapeutic	terapeutice
recunoaște	să recunoască
înfoca	a înfoca
secera	să secere
urma	nu urmați
ofensator	ofensatoarelor
grăbi	grăbesc
îngusta	îngustaserăm
cinge	cing
constrânge	constrângând
intui	să intuiți
lupta	a lupta
băga	băgaserăți
implica	implicau
renova	renovând
încărunți	nu încărunțiți
abandon	abandonule
sărac	săracului
vătăma	vătămase
mijloci	mijloceam
înșeua	să înșeuăm
aisberg	aisbergurilor
pedepsi	pedepsirăm
îngălbeni	îngălbenii
flexibilitate	flexibilitate
secol	secolelor
prețui	nu prețui
retrage	retragem
nenumărabil	nenumărabilelor
trotuar	trotuarele
acumula	acumulez
atmosferă	unei atmosfere
copleși	copleșirăți
înveli	învelii
drăguț	drăguțe
înzestra	înzestram
pătimi	să pătimească
ceapă	cepele
pornografic	pornograficilor
catedrală	catedrală
sista	sistați
spuzi	spuzit
congela	congelaseși
limpezi	limpezit
vizualiza	vizualizase
fulgera	fulger
îngălbeni	îngălbenesc
mâhni	să mâhniți
răcni	răcniserăți
călcare	călcare
adăsta	adăstarăm
influența	influențați
mărita	mărităm
cântări	să cântărim
drept	drepturile
ilegal	ilegalul
filmuleț	unui filmuleț
pruncie	pruncii
tranzient	tranzienți
răzgândi	răzgândiserăți
despuia	despuiați
flecar	flecarilor
elefant	niște elefanți
comporta	să comporte
trist	trist
întări	întăresc
lasciv	lasciv
bărbătos	bărbătoși
rula	rulând
seismograf	seismografelor
flutura	flutură
nemeritat	nemeritați
circula	circulai
sufleca	suflecă
microbiologic	microbiologicul
scoace	să scoc
excursie	unei excursii
tivi	tiveam
turna	turnaseră
brutal	brutali
aleatoriu	aleatoriei
săra	sărarăm
salariat	salariatul
încăla	încălai
desprinde	desprinseseși
mândri	mândresc
analog	analoagă
prezent	prezenți
dărâma	nu dărâmați
macac	macacilor
capăt	niște capete
somnambul	somnambulilor
stăpâni	stăpâneau
văcar	văcarii
componentă	unei componente
deveni	deveniseși
urmări	urmări
irita	iritaseși
specific	specifici
mește	mescui
auzi	auzim
scărmăna	scărmănarăți
porcărie	porcăriile
sexos	sexoase
vopsi	vopsești
învește	înveșteau
orchestral	orchestrale
sta	să stăm
pingeli	nu pingeli
cunoaște	să cunosc
amuza	amuză
împerechea	să împerechem
jura	jură
necăji	necăjiți
învăța	învățai
desmăța	desmățau
simboliza	simbolizam
tăia	tăiai
clocoti	clocoteai
breb	brebilor
distruge	distruseserăm
bufon	bufonilor
înceta	încetai
întrista	întristau
spaniolă	unei spaniole
înfățișa	înfățișați
trimite	trimite
uita	să uite
pișa	pișa
dezbina	dezbinaseși
plajă	plajelor
întrerupe	întrerupserăm
rebeliune	niște rebeliuni
dumnezeu	unui dumnezeu
aluneca	alunecăm
sângera	sângerarăți
bine	bine
văra	vărase
barbur	barburilor
putrezi	să putrezească
adăpa	adăpaserăți
strâmt	strâmt
văl	vălurilor
tutun	tutunule
isprăvi	să isprăvească
lăcrimos	lăcrimos
făptui	făptuind
clarifica	clarificau
dispune	dispuseserăți
mira	mirai
descrie	descriind
subția	subțiază
învește	învește
refuza	refuz
naște	naște
nufăr	nuferii
lucrare	lucrare
curcan	curcanilor
izbăvi	izbăvirăți
spaghete	spaghetelor
structural	structuralele
contrazice	contrazise
cumnat	unui cumnat
păți	nu pățiți
buciuma	a buciuma
păsăresc	păsărești
trufie	trufie
aera	aerează
zbura	să zbori
spaghete	unor spaghete
chiorî	chiorăște
purta	purtați
gălbui	gălbuii
paliditate	palidități
dăuna	dăunai
melodie	niște melodii
vizita	vizitai
vipt	vipturilor
ști	nu ști
halucina	halucinasem
dormita	să dormite
ghimber	ghimberului
găti	gătit
exista	există
chema	să chemați
iernatic	indefinite articulation
hotar	niște hotare
amărî	amărâsem
însenina	să înseninați
corupe	corupe
rămas	niște rămasuri
uscat	uscaților
pierde	să pierzi
țigăni	să țigănim
inteligibil	inteligibili
purcede	purcedem
apropiere	apropierilor
spuzi	spuzi
capacitate	capacitate
roz	roz
trăgăna	trăgănând
înfuleca	să înfulecați
destupa	destupând
separa	separam
însera	să înserăm
ofili	nu ofiliți
casă	caselor
bărbier	bărbierii
luceafăr	luceafărule
înțelege	să înțelegem
caldarâm	caldarâmule
adânci	adânciși
juca	să joace
zbiera	zbierarăm
duios	duiosul
întâmpina	întâmpinarăm
ciupercă	ciupercilor
defăima	a defăima
asistat	asistatului
controla	controlarăți
ține	să țin
cetera	să ceteri
rotunjit	rotunjite
elibera	eliberat
returna	returnau
adânci	adâncesc
pietroi	unui pietroi
netezi	netezind
frățesc	frățească
neted	netezi
accelera	să accelerezi
terestru	terestra
obișnui	să obișnuiești
țestos	țestosul
invariabil	invariabilului
cancer	unui cancer
răbda	să rabde
demnitate	niște demnități
batjocori	batjocoreau
stâng	stâng
descoperi	descoperi
pisa	să pisezi
plicticos	plicticos
pom	pomilor
zbiera	zbierați
aplica	aplicau
mințitor	mințitor
conteni	nu conteni
conține	conține
ruina	ruinaserăm
stingheri	stingherise
cumineca	cuminecă
majoritate	niște majorități
înflori	nu înflori
răspândi	răspândiserăți
întrevedea	întrevăzui
exotic	exoticele
feri	feream
înjura	înjură
propune	propuseseși
adăpa	nu adăpați
rotunji	rotunjeam
sugruma	sugrumați
cumineca	cuminecaseră
simboliza	simbolizarăm
invada	nu invadați
lucra	lucram
olimpic	olimpic
undui	nu unduiți
isprăvi	isprăvise
bivalent	bivalente
petici	peticesc
tuna	tunase
despica	despică
referendum	niște referendumuri
buton	unui buton
prânzi	prânziseră
umple	umple
încăpea	încăpuserăm
vindeca	vindecarăți
inseparabil	inseparabilei
dezavantaja	dezavantajau
străbun	străbunilor
cuprins	cuprinsului
nereal	nerealele
cina	cinam
abdica	abdică
spera	sperai
frunză	niște frunze
ceață	ceață
cocostârc	cocostârcilor
minți	mint
degera	să degeri
hotărî	hotărâră
purifica	să purificați
ornat	ornată
mârced	mârcede
ști	știind
trepăda	trepădasem
lătra	nu lătrați
țigăni	țigănesc
dobândi	dobândiți
soție	soțiilor
chelneriță	niște chelnerițe
sminti	smintim
strâmt	strâmtele
peruchier	unui peruchier
da jos	să dăm jos
murmura	murmurarăm
prăpădi	a prăpădi
purica	puricam
îmbătat	îmbătata
îndemna	îndemnați
atârnare	unei atârnări
ruga	să rogi
vizita	vizitaseră
tivi	tivirăm
orizont	orizonturilor
explicație	niște explicații
onest	onestele
umbros	umbroasa
bucătar	bucătarule
abandon	unui abandon
monotremă	niște monotreme
simți	simțiserăți
șoaptă	unei șoapte
viețui	viețuiseră
maltrata	maltratați
pupa	pupai
zdrobi	să zdrobească
ocupa	ocupă
ofta	nu oftați
mulțumi	mulțumesc
despune	despusese
lasciv	lascive
lichid	lichida
susține	susțineam
aleatoriu	aleatorii
benzină	benzină
depărta	depărtam
lucru	lucrule
dulău	unui dulău
lupta	luptai
îngrijora	îngrijoram
legendar	legendarii
comporta	să comport
vechime	vechime
descrie	descria
încărca	încărcam
propti	proptii
viteaz	viteaz
biograf	niște biografi
stradă	străzilor
acaț	acaților
friguros	friguroasa
dăuna	să dăuneze
împărți	nu împărțiți
schizofrenie	schizofreniile
pripi	pripiți
prosti	prostiseră
dezdoi	dezdoiam
baltă	baltă
frige	frigând
văr	verilor
obscur	obscurelor
elimina	elimină
nucă	niște nuci
înmormânta	înmormântez
fierbe	fierbeam
cerca	cercă
strămuta	strămutat
maltrata	maltrată
muri	muriseră
trăi	trăiți
îngălbeni	îngălbeneam
îmbătrâni	îmbătrâniră
creativ	creativ
întrista	să întristeze
agest	niște agesturi
adânc	adâncilor
pederastic	pederastic
drog	drogurile
socoti	socotiți
intra	a intra
sufla	să suflu
amestecat	amestecați
civiliza	civiizase
prăjit	prăjiți
prăpădi	prăpădisem
înrăma	înrămau
împreuna	să împreuneze
nivela	nivelaserăți
macabru	macabru
proteja	protejați
slăbi	nu slăbiți
scânci	scâncește
excela	excelezi
vârtos	vârtoasei
speranță	niște speranțe
aduna	adunai
cuminți	cumințiserăm
forfoti	forfoteau
pășuna	pășunați
conteni	conteneai
moșteni	să moștenim
cuceri	să cuceriți
îndemna	îndemnă
încorona	încoronează
palincă	palincă
salamandră	niște salamandre
prăși	prășiră
culca	culcă
parca	parcam
cădea	să cad
înfricoșa	nu înfricoșați
scurta	scurtează
dac	dacului
pica	a pica
dăpăra	dăpăraserăm
sta	nu sta
apărea	apărem
tânji	să tânjiți
clătina	clatină
bucura	bucura
tăcea	tăcea
înrădăcina	înrădăcinați
nap	napilor
leșina	leșinasem
râma	râmă
descinge	să descingă
îngrășa	îngrășați
afunda	afundați
secundar	secundarelor
descurcăreț	descurcărețele
aciua	aciuați
deștepta	deștepteam
conveni	nu conveniți
zănatic	zănatica
mește	nu mește
renume	renume
adânci	adânceai
facilitate	facilităților
furtun	unui furtun
da jos	dăduseși jos
vânăt	vinete
constrânge	constrânseși
prevești	preveștit
mulțumi	nu mulțumi
bășica	bășicam
dejuga	dejugau
polar	polari
anterior	anterioare
mângâia	mângâiam
încăla	încal
înflori	înfloriserăm
centru	centrelor
aprinde	aprinseși
împresura	împresurat
clar	clarelor
atotputernic	atotputernicul
activa	activat
îmbătrâni	îmbătrânea
descurcăreț	descurcăreți
roti	rotirăți
nasol	nasolului
dăuna	să dăunezi
comporta	comportăm
diminua	să diminueze
ierta	să ierte
ferestrui	ferestruise
incomplet	incompleta
păta	păta
judeca	judecarăm
despăduchea	despăducheaseși
stâng	stângii
homosexuală	homosexuală
zemos	zemos
răcori	răcorii
simboliza	simbolizași
rezolva	nu rezolvați
meduză	unei meduze
avorta	avortează
treacăt	treacătului
cerceta	a cerceta
onora	onoram
întortochea	întortocheași
drag	dragilor
economic	economicelor
porni	porniși
tranzițional	tranziționalilor
vântura	să vânturi
stoarce	a stoarce
răsufla	nu răsufla
impune	să impună
șal	șalurilor
adia	adia
fiert	fierte
înghesui	înghesuind
brumăriu	brumăriu
ofili	ofilești
puternic	puternicelor
ucidere	unei ucideri
bea	băură
nemeritat	nemeritata
întortochea	întortocheaseră
vargă	niște vergi
încorona	încoronase
puturos	puturoase
auri	auriră
danez	definite articulation
aprinde	aprinde
suna	sunam
adevărat	adevărate
flaur	flaurele
aberativ	aberativii
ținut	ținută
accelerație	accelerațiile
bețiv	definite articulation
păstra	păstrai
muri	murise
despăduchea	despăducheam
avalanșă	avalanșelor
ofili	ofiliseră
armean	armene
înnopta	să înnopteze
cumpli	cumpleau
francez	francezii
dușmăni	dușmăniseră
trăgăna	nu trăgăna
șoim	unui șoim
sfeșnic	niște sfeșnice
obișnui	obișnuiși
reuși	reușeau
cerceta	cercetaserăți
supune	supuneți
întrezări	să întrezărească
mag	unui mag
mioriță	miorițelor
distila	distilase
eterogen	eterogene
remușcare	niște remușcări
unsuros	unsuroase
banană	unei banane
desena	desenași
forja	nu forja
afurisi	afurisim
cenușiu	cenușiii
muștar	muștarule
dizolva	să dizolvăm
merge	să mergeți
pica	picarăm
comoară	niște comori
macabru	macabrilor
avea dreptate	avurăți dreptate
indiscret	indiscretă
sătura	săturaserăm
linguși	lingușim
ejaculator	ejaculatorilor
despune	despuseserăți
rupe	rupserăți
regicid	regicidul
treiera	treieram
vamal	vamalului
autor	autorule
îndurera	îndurerați
zmeur	zmeurilor
chițcan	chițcanule
furcea	furcelele
nimici	nu nimiciți
civiliza	civiizați
înnegri	înnegriseră
încercui	încercuiserăm
da la muie	dă la muie
abandonare	abandonare
adia	adiam
înjosi	înjosiseră
înfige	înfig
funcționa	funcționaserăm
custa	custă
cinge	cingeați
scurta	scurtând
sufleca	suflecând
înghesui	înghesui
zgăura	zgăurai
înrâuri	înrâurirăți
calamar	calamarii
înfocare	înfocări
chiorî	nu chiorî
contopi	contopeau
bea	băusem
jena	jenasem
aprinde	aprinseră
copleșitor	copleșitoarele
împăuna	împăunai
minți	mințiși
slut	sluta
mov	niște movuri
împutăciune	împutăciunilor
onora	onorasem
alcătui	să alcătuiască
pacientă	niște paciente
gâmba	gâmba
nimeri	să nimeriți
izbi	să izbesc
silabic	silabicul
asimila	asimila
braț	brațelor
înveli	înveli
decafeinizat	decafeinizatele
serba	să serbeze
coșmar	coșmarurilor
răcori	răcorești
spumega	spumegarăm
orizont	unui orizont
lăți	lățind
dezavantaja	dezavantajaserăm
zări	zărea
șopti	șoptind
îndemna	îndemna
izbi	izbeau
crunt	cruntul
munte	munților
șir	șirurilor
tehnologic	tehnologicilor
întărâta	întărâtați
strănuta	să strănutați
australian	niște australieni
asistat	asistații
mește	mescu
reduce	reduseserăm
funcționa	să funcționați
descoperi	descoperirăm
trepăda	trepădam
încări	încăriserăm
văra	vărează
sătura	săturase
peristaltic	peristalticelor
învește	să înveșteți
șchiopa	șchiopă
rabin	rabinilor
declina	declinat
ocupa	ocupai
trăsni	trăsni
observant	observant
cântăreț	niște cântăreți
izbi	izbiserăți
păduchios	păduchioși
mililitru	mililitrilor
structural	structurale
cinge	a cinge
scurge	scursesem
curma	curmi
stupid	stupidelor
logodi	logodim
risipi	risipi
împroprietări	împroprietăreați
veșted	veștede
zburda	zburzi
cinge	să cingă
sporange	sporangii
rinocer	rinocerilor
dezmânta	dezmântați
vulcan	vulcanule
tată	unui tată
căsători	căsătoriți
netezi	netezește
cuib	cuiburilor
bărbieri	bărbieriserăm
pasteuriza	pasteurizez
haos	haosurilor
turna	turnat
cerca	cearcă
tuna	tună
cântări	cântăriserăți
coreean	niște coreeni
menține	mențineți
pofticios	pofticios
tâmpenie	tâmpenie
plin	plin
obosi	oboseați
invizibilitate	invizibilitate
spital	niște spitale
adânc	adânci
ospăta	ospătez
ieși	să iasă
tare	tarile
muistă	muistelor
vărsa	să verși
bizon	bizonii
scânteia	scânteiază
zări	zărisem
înfuria	înfuriam
homosexuală	unei homosexuale
ruina	nu ruina
tivi	a tivi
pisa	pisau
tulbura	tulburând
capsula	capsulați
normalitate	normalității
vrăji	vrăjit
bloca	blocaseși
menține	mențineați
lăbărțat	lăbărțata
înrâuri	înrâurisem
întinge	să întingă
юби	сэ юбяскэ
depăna	depănaseși
implica	implicam
scurma	scurmaseră
central	centrale
unge	ungeau
delăsa	delăsa
angaja	angajarăți
aed	unui aed
sminti	să smintim
prevesti	prevestii
tanc	tancurilor
înfiripa	înfiripaaseră
exemplu	exemplelor
fuma	fumezi
suspensor	suspensoare
spinos	spinoasei
înclina	să înclini
bezmetic	bezmetice
subscrie	subscriseserăți
dezgusta	dezgustați
vădos	vădoși
elebor	eleborilor
imprima	imprimați
mormânt	mormintele
imagina	imaginaserăm
număra	nu numărați
corupe	corupeam
viețui	viețuisem
tins	tinse
purta	purtăm
sfulgera	sfulgerat
izgoni	să izgonească
amărî	nu amărî
donație	donațiilor
petici	peticește
destinat	destinatul
stima	stimați
amor	niște amoruri
jindui	să jinduiești
evreu	unui evreu
induce	să induceți
rest	unui rest
îngriji	nu îngrijiți
ipocrită	niște ipocrite
amaneta	amanetase
îngălbeni	îngălbeneau
perinda	perindează
cartezian	carteziene
circula	circulă
abandona	abandonat
văduvi	văduvit
visătoare	visătoarele
simți	simțea
mâhni	mâhniserăți
flecar	indefinite articulation
avea dreptate	avu dreptate
purifica	purifică
